just wow
3:20 LOOK AT HIS PUPILS TURN TO LIZARD SLITS. Or just pretend you don't see it and keep pumping Trump.
same speech he gave during his campaign...
people change.
Can't believe the original video was taken down :(
Mr Trump our prayers are with you and with the Trash News and liberal left,  Like he said He is not a loser. If your not on the Trump Train, We the people will run right over you evil ways.
Lmfao before the election all of the comments were supporting Donald Trump, and there was a major like to dislike ratio difference. Now that people voted for him and they're getting screwed over I could see a major difference. They must've came back and changed their like to dislikes. LMFAO DUMBASSES
where are the sjw comments now that he won? huh
Now the poor who voted for Donald is going to suffer from the new medical plan! and the rich get richer, but you like that, right guys?
Wow,Trolls out hard on this video.
and media made him look like what he isnt
JESUS IS THE LORD
PLEASE give me a break CLOWN!!!!!!
1 week people!!! President Donald Trump!!!!!!!!!!
hahaha
don't know what this poverty of America thing is, they've been one of the richest western countries in the world for a long time, they're already wining ,just not as much as they want.
What is the music?
Putin helps Donald to win the Presidency, so now Donald owes Russia, but is America who's going to pay! What a deal!!
They just deleted the video from YouTube.
12,318 Sheeps
what happened to the video that was a good video
Alexs... PLEASE... get to the video sooner or people who NEED to see it will tune out. PLEASE.
Well all you losers. He did it. Amen.
If you are a real American you would release the entire video, oh but no one can find it because he paid big bucks to make it vanish. Why because I have seen the entire episode. He would be paying strippers to console his little broken heart right now if the entire video was STILL online. Hitler 2.0 I call it. We need to educate our youth. Look what the uneducated have done, or he rigged it. Cause don't think that many Americans are that white
i think your in the other side,every other person like u before you was either murderd or put away,im not dumb.........
who's. laughing. now.
I cry
Dude I tried to watch your video, but your voice is so annoying! maybe re do with someone else's voice!
con con con con
yeah but trump is just "full of shit"
LOVE DONALD TRUMP!!!! VOTE TRUMP 2016 AND SAVE AMERICA FROM THE GLOBALIST AGENDA!
Haha, the Ghostbusters quote made me laugh.
time for a new thumbnail Alex. we love Trump but this thumb is used often enough that many will see it and think they already saw the video. I know you'll agree so change it Trump dammit, or go to Hell-ary. !haha JK big fan Alex
This guy does not know anything.
Why I unsuscribed, 10 minutes and no sign of the 23 minute video.......
I am sure you will find great survival instructions on ShepherdSurvives Website website :)
I'm not falling for this shit. Donald Trump doesn't want us to live right ahahaha he's a joke real agree with me then you must know wtf I'm talking  about.
He is a sexual predator and liar . He  admits he likes to grab women's private parts. Listen to his REAL WORDS 11 years ago.  Tell the story and get with it . Another real story unfolded today. The start of the DOWNFALLS.  Liar, liar pants on fire . Don't leave your daughter alone with him.
where did Chelsea clinton get 10 million dollar to buy a house!!!
where did Chelsea clinton get 10 million dollar to buy a house!!!
Don't watch your just going to lose 11 minutes of something else  you could have done with your time.
Wow, 12k likes and 12k dislikes, first time i ever seen something like this..
trump is better than hillary, trump is the last hope of america. hillary is a puppet of obama and obama is the devil
Lol 12k Hillary butt hurts!
Alex's voice is so grainy. It's really annoying. Is he known to be a smoker or is it just his natural voice?
what???
Ah can say only one thing, Moose poop!
I guess age took a toll on him!👴🏼💩
Yeah!! let's go Trump!! bring on the Chaos and fear!!
they do this with singers, actors, boxers, entertainers. they use youthful images of the person to appeal to the public. besides the truth of the matter is is that taking a position of service in your community consumes you. so no matter how righteous of a person he may seem the decesions that are sometimes made by these people are often not based on their moral and nice behavior
Something in ur throat?
If one wants to promote the genuine ideas of liberty, vote Trump! There is no logic in heading out in November and casting a vote for Johnson or Clinton.
TRUMP 2017!
alex... not saying you are for sure a prop piece for the CIA. BUT if you really wanted to end the aristocracy and globalism then make an interactive network tree, host it... doxx these elitists and we will then know them all.

you always say you are exposing them but where are the public PDFs? where is the doxx on exact names and cell numbers and titles and family connections?
·LMAO...We love our nation. $$$
His ego has increased by 1000 since then though
Makes this go viral
lmao this year has been complete shit
2015 and 2016 have been pretty much pointless
You
 might not care if Donald Trump says Muslims should register with their 
government, because you're not one and you might not care if Donald 
Trump says he's going to round up all the Hispanic immigrants, because 
you're not one. And you might not care 
if Donald Trump says it's okay to rough up black protesters, because 
you're not one. And you might not care if Donald Trump wants to suppress
 journalists, because you're not one. But think about this: If he keeps 
going, and he actually becomes president, he might just get around to 
you. And you better hope there's someone left to help you."
I believe as little what comes out of Donald trumps mouth as I do hillarie's mouth. Bouts make contrary statements and both lie, booth have been accused of shitty actions and both, have been investigated by the government.... Only difference is one is a cunt what lies and he other is a liar who is a cunt
Donald Trump president equals War
why all the dislikes?
Bernie is a fraud & Shillary is corrupt criminal. Even their supporters know this now.
you mean when he was a democrat. "see other people live like kings" sounds like another guy that wants to hand out stuff
why does this vid have so many dislikes
Remember when Oprah was like this?  It's sad to think of what she's become; she used to be so sweet, down to earth, she seemed genuine and warm....now she's the closest thing to a nightmare, even going so far as to consider her following a religion, and denying Christ himself.....she's gone off the deep end, seems like she's making the exact same mistake as Lucifer did when his own pride got the best of him.....just sayin', it's sad.
total bullshit, trump says nothing of import.
and jesus Alex get your throat checked, ya prob got a polyp on your vocal chords, your voice is hard to hear...
he's the idiotic in the world, a pure asshole
12 thousand humans thumbed this up.
Hillary's paid commenters are really out for the kill. 12k down votes?
Trump at 2:15
TRUMP!!! VOTE TRUMP BABY
1. He is Clinton in a different suit.
2. He has a gift of speaking while saying absolutely nothing of substance. And people fall into it!
Mike Pence. That's all you need to know to realize Trump is an insider.
Facebook is cencering infowars reports from Cleveland..
I wish the founding fathers had wrote women should not be allowed to run for or become president in the Constitution.But I'm saying this because they would most likely not do the things in the best interest of the United States cough hillary,
Papá trump believes what every true American needs to believe.
the whole system is full of shit. it is ran by incompetent criminals
times have changed ,he's know differant god put TRUMP through everything that he done to date to prepair him for what he's about to do God Bless you all!!
I love Donald Trump he was put here by JESUS CHRIST to take down satan and he will by the grace of god!!!!!
I respect that he's a patriot but maybe he doesn't understand what's really going on, if he truly believes that the U.S is the one being ripped off, haha! Seriously? The U.S has ravaged every other country on this planet, politically, financially, corporately and militarily, I can't really say much more than that if you believe otherwise.
At least when you guys get a President they are there for a full term, here in Australia we get a new Prime Minister every few months. My country is fucked up, we have terrorist attacks in the name of ISIS and the Govt refuse to call them terrorists, they just say that they are isolated incidents because they don't want to offend Muslims. If your a refugee coming to this country you are considered to be at a disadvantage upon arrival and are put on a disability pension ($850 a fortnight) and given housing which is subsidised. Australia is not the country people think it is, we are in a crisis, were going under.
First, I apologize for my opinions about US politics (If they hurt anybody). 

But I say to you... Be careful.

You are the first power in the world . Your votes will affect the whole world.

You had no idea what are you getting to... If you think that your country is a mess, you will know what mess up is into the next four years. If Trump is elected.

Please, think carefully about it.

Peace.
this actually almost made me cry VOTE trump
In history,
George Washington initially did not want to be involved in the Constitutional Convention that gave us the U.S. Constitution, nor did he wanted to be president, and absolutely turned down any and all idea of being made a king.

The best leaders are often the ones who didn't want the job in the first place.
I am confused if Trump is anti globalist and is sick of people screwing over America why does he hold the beliefs that Muslims are terrorists? We all know that most of these terrorist attacks are either fake or are the CIAs doing. This is a genuine question not a hate comment.
Dude is so far from racist. Let that stupid notion die.
Trump 2016!
I love ya Alex, but you love to hear ur raspy! #goTrump
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show/following-odd-tirade-there-something-wrong-trump?cid=sm_fb_maddow
Also wait I thought for years they said he was for the democrats?
See now if he acted then how he does now with a sound mind without boistering, he would actually be a great candidate.  Seeing this young trump is who I would actually vote for.  But the one we have now isn't the same, the way he talks and acts it just doesn't feel right at all.  I feel like now he's just pandering.
Anyone else think something like this will repeat in 2020 with Kanye?
Gove
Trump is a communist at heart. Guaranteed
Poll Shows Positive Reversal in Sight for Trump!!!   --  May 9 - National poll by Public Policy Polling indicates 54% of Americans have a higher opinion of lice that Donald Trump.  The good news for Donald is that Donald Trump polls more favorably than cockroaches by a 4% margin. However, that 4% margin disappears when gender is factored in, where women polled have a higher opinion of cockroaches than Donald Trump.
I support trump. I work for a living in a mill 34 years walking on concrete floors "my mistake" .I voted twice for bill Clinton, and what he did to Monica Lewinsky he did to the rest of us with these unfair trade agreements he screwed us. it wasn't just him, their all in it together When most jobs went away the few left didn't pay as good because all the competition here is gone so ceo s along with upper management split the companies prophets, no more raises, and now their belief is where are you son of bitches  going to make this kind of money anywhere else. I am 55 and a Bush or Clinton has held some form of office since i was old enough to vote . I am sick of these lying bastards. foreign polices, immigration, and economy its all bad for AMERICA
FCK TRUMP
:)
"I consult myself on foreign policy because I have a very good brain and say a lot of things"
this host looks like a talking penis
Liar Much?
He think money can buy any thing . Ok
So who in the fucking world is living better than Americans according to Trump and who or what has been humiliating America for the past 25 years.  What fictional Tom Clancy Harry Potter 50 Shades of Gray book os this guy reading?
that like bar,
Amazing split 50% likes and dislikes. Most polarized guy right now! Don't know what would happen if he gets elected.
HAHA looks like the political machine is desperately scurrying like the little cock roaches they are to discredit Trump as is evidenced by all the shills with their dimwitted one liners "Voting for Trump is..." "Trump will..." 

It's a good sign when they are so scared they feel the need to waste your tax dollars on paid shills to lie and slander (Hmmm who does that sound like?), rather than actually spend that money on something productive to help fix this nation.
OK... so THE TRUMPSTER is bad.  what's the ALTERNATIVE?  see?  :))  VOTE TRUMP!!!
12,064 thumbs up AND the same exact number of downs right now. Wow on many levels.
Wow, shock jock.
He's tired of seeing this country ripped off lol. This country , the British and White Europeans been ripping other countries off for hundreds of yrs!
you jotos better get used to it. Donald Trump is going to be the next president.

-Todd
The retardation is strong in the comments. Or the shilling, I'm not sure. What. Other. Choice. Is. There?
Jealous ?? aaaah, yup.
It's always the same with Donald, he says absolutely nothing substantial: "I think people are tired of seeing the United States ripped off" WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??? "I happen to believe in certain principles of the Republican party" WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??? "I've got really great plans" WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??? "We're going to make America great again" WHAT DOES THAT MEAN??? This is just videos of him back when he wasn't so disgusting to look at, set to some shitty, sentimental piano track.
Of course his beliefs didn't change, he didn't say a single thing about them. XDD 
"I want to see change!" Could literally be talking about anything to anyone.  If I'm going to support someone with my vote they damn well better be specific.
Trump is there to give Clinton the presidency.
Cough medicine will do wonders for your voice
He's the only candidate that has given me hope . The rest just read their lines like a play.
Im not pro Trump .. damn sure not pro Clinton.. although I fear if he does win as our President. I fear those Illuminati  will not let him live long.. the last Pres. that balked big money got his head blown off in Dallas
a dick is stuck in your zionist throat.yuck!
aj is an actor nothing more
The comparison to King David was a pretty high bar to set, but if he is like David that would be fantastic.
Trump may be wrong but is Hillary right? I vote for shaking things up... Can the Elite make anything worse? YES! Though it really doesn't matter who gets elected, at least , maybe Trump may be someone "They" might not be totally in charge of.
Young Donald Trump is so much more likeable than now. He was pro-choice, all about the middle class. Now he is just a racist, race-baiting, hate-monger who says whatever boosts his ratings with the tea party republicans.
How gay (no offense to the fruitcakes that identify themselves as "the gays") is the background music to this.  You're trying to touch people with the sound effects... "oh this guy is a national hero."  I'm not for Clinton but I'm not for Adolf "Littlefinger" Drumpf even more.
If you think voting will help anyone at all... -think again! LOL
Judging by trump's picture, it is what he believed in half a century ago.  I think they were still teaching the earth was flat back then.
Why so many dislikes?
. . . I'll take the media made monster behind curtain # 3 , please .
so ok  were one lacks in knoledge  and or research  and just use comen sence if you dont have those outher options or lack even in discernment just useing comen sense  heres a millionaire at that time  who wasnt ever involved in anything governmental  so only knowing how to be rich  and how to get there  so why at his younge age was everyone alwas wantng to know hey are you going to  run for president hey are you going to be president   so what did Oprah know  that you dont   about  truimp possibly would consider becoming a president  he says no so  he wasnt even realy considering it  but every one   wanted to know if this  just rich guy might run for president  and he is telling u  how he will change everything   make things so much better .  well did you see were he made fun of mocked the disable reporter  with his crippled hand sick      so  they have all the other presidents are well a joke no chance  closest is  Hilliary   so  triump  probably has this hands douwn . well the word tiump derives from triumph meaning victories oh he will be victories  but when Christ Jesus comes back he will be victories do you know  when the anti christ comes he will  falsely bring piece and he will be like a messiah  having all the answers and  fixing the worlds problems  then at some point   he will expect you to take  his mark worship his mark   and you would need to deny Jesus  Why just ask   the masses hes not real so why deny him well if you worship the image of the beast if you  take the mark  of the beast  you will  no longer  be able to receive salvation thrue Yeshua    and if you deny Jesus to  man   he will deny you to the father . so if  you live long enough for these  biblical moments to acure   hopefully you will  remember this warning . why do i say these things ?  well  someday it may be very important to u   someday soon.
I think he would make a good president.  Like all "fresh" presidents, he has big ideas about making changes and revolutionary policies, but the reality soon takes hold.  Congress has the real power and they don't go for radical change.  That means a wall, but one that's only 8 feet high.  It means changes to trade, but not enough to upset the apple cart.  There are powerful interests pulling from all directions and history shows it is very difficult to move out of the middle when that happens.  Look at Obama's big ideas: medicare?  Watered down.  Gun control? Never got off the ground.  The President doesn't have enough power to implement radical change on his own.
Dramatic piano soundtrack as Trump says absolutely nothing of substance
So, you're trying to tell us what Mr. Trump says now, is not what he really believes?
Steven irkle or Charles Manson for president.
you're smoking too many ciggs. Your voice sounds like you swallowed a frog.
I feel like this video had good ratings just last week...some trolls must have blown this video up
9:21 "The truth is his dad was blue collar." wtf are you talking about????
Okay, good to know......Drumpf has always repeated himself until he believes the lies he spouts.
Who will push the nuclear red bottom first, Donald trump or Vladimir Putin? Place your bets, ladies and gentlemen. Go Hillary, save the world, please!!!
Drug's... In 1980 herion used to be  number one. 
Now it's simply shit.
The man's brain is tripping.
the music
you're an idiot LOL
Have to ignore all the negative ppl's comments. Go ahead vote for Killary and kill this nation forever. Trump 2016. I have researched Trump very well and very long before deciding and I have not doubts. Thanks Infowars for sharing and ignore the naysayers. I don't go to internet places that don't agree with my ideas, so why do they come to ours?
President Trump can do no wrong, It's the people in charge now that are tearing the country apart.
Trump shall soon be relegated to the dust bin of history.
soppy bullshit
It looks like you t u be is faking the numbers for the thumbs down again. Clearly Donald Trump is much further ahead of Hillary.
Yelp, that same guy has said a whole bunch of bullshyt since then! You have one video and claim, because he said the same thing some years ago, he is authentic? He is a Fraud and should be called, CONald Trump. Most of his supporters, are people that look and behave a lot like you..............He is a business man, a horrible business man, that has found out how to buy all these businesses (no legal businesses), but business in which he put under corporations. He has utilize the system to make himself richer, he is the epitome of Greed. One of the most egotistical, phony, money-grubber, misogynist, racist, attention-seeking, ill-informed, nonsensical, and ugliest, politicians I have ever seen. He is Hitler re-incarnated. CONald Trump. I mean Mr. Miller.......
ALL         OF            TRUMPSTERS            BOOKS            END          AT             CHAPTER            11
His dad was blue collar because mafia dudes don't need suits to dress up and sell drugs. Why are the videos so old and buttered up with fake music? Are you admitting he USED to be sane? Went crazy like Hitler, John McCain and Tom Cruise. Oprah likes the crazies. Is it me, or does Rump look like a serial killer?
Trump is tired of seeing the United States ripped off? No, no! The citizens of the United States are being ripped off, lied to, GMO'd and fracked to death, and sprayed with Chemtrails like cockroaches by those who rule.  Go ask your candidate for president about that why don't you.
"How we are really making other people live like kings, and we're not."   Coming from the one guy on the planet that anyone can point to and say:  "He lives like a king."
You have to be a fool to believe that America has been taken advantage of. This is the same country that. I assume we are speaking against the same America that exercises its military muscle. The same America that has military bases in 168 countries. The same America that has invaded different country every couple of years.


And as far as Donald He is so transparent in his real agenda. I can't believe some of you have fallen for all his Bs.. Th real reason he is running is so he can make Obama his bitch. He could not stand being made fun of by him during the Press dinner. This man is all Ego.. he could give two shits about you or any other American. He would of look your way before running for office unless you were a nice pair off legs attached to pretty face or a wealthier business man whom he could rub elbows with.
Alex, please quit backing this fraud and crook. What a complete loser of a human being. I know that Hillary is a total crook and there is no way I would vote for her, ever, either. Believe me I am not a news cnn/fox watcher/believer that eats the crap that they serve about Trump. I understand that when the mainstream media is saying someone is bad it usually means the opposite. Trump is total crap and is a complete maniac. Please quit throwing this guy support he sucks and is a total jerk. I am literally not participating in info wars until this Trump support stops.
3:33 "making other people live like kings, and we're not"? what kinda bullshit is that? I don't see trump missin too many meals
I am voting for Trump !
money is the root of all evil  (WWJD)
We are so fucked! Getting that passport finally! amerikkka is evil 
you right wingers are you own worst enemy.  Delusional liers, part full of hate, vitriol, ignorance,
Stuff this up yer crack... Then is not now... Now: creepy old disillusional buzzard, dangerous... Any sense. modesty, lost in a golden toilet he didn't pay for..
FDT!!!!!!!!!!
"How we are really making other people live like kings and we are not". What a load of crap. He is living like a King. himself.
Clinton is against gay people, yet no one says anything 🤔
I don't believe this orange guy will be elected President of UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Trying to look perfect and pretty on TV... Is Orange the new white. NO. Cut the TrumpStupidity... Stop promoting a Daddy daddy I want to be a President liar. The way he talks I think he wants to be the new Ken for a Barbie doll.
Bunch of shills. Nothing more than mainstream media
I hope he gets elected.  Just to sit back and watch America   fall apart.  He will make the rich,  richer and screw everyone else.  Didn't show you the crooked deals,  tax avoiding,  ripping off students and costing the American people hundreds of millions after going bankrupt 4 times.  He is a crook.
god this guys voice is atrocious
Am Latino I bealive in TRUMP he dosent hate us or Mexicans what happens is that when he said rapist, drug dealers are the ones that live in Mexico that's causing the Mexicans to Migrate to United States , so what happened when you migrate to a country that is over populated with no job , his blaming Mexico government not Mexicans so he love us LATINOS AND MEXICANS and don't forget the most deportation on record was during OBAMA Administration when promise Jobs for Latinos. you know why Obama deported a lot MEXICANS because there's a Reality. THE MAIN FACT when  people ARE immigrating to a country and they find no jobs what happens illegal activities rates goes up that's when Drug Dealing comes to rise then our family members gets hook to drugs and the richer get richer that's what Clinton is all about , Mean while TRUMP Has dozens of Mexicans and LATINOS Working for him .       VOTE TRUMP 2016
I'm glad I don't live in america
man donald bitch trump was ugly from the beginning, i thought it was time but niggas was ugly and dumb as hell since he started
Its not fake polls....where are your Tax returns Donald Trump lets demand to see them ..He calls Hillary Crooked..compared to him she is a saint...if your kid was disabled would u support a insecure  Bully that makes fun of a paraplegic news reporter..he is lending his campaign $$ so when he gets donations he can pay himself back..always an angle...
How can anyone take AJ seriously? I really don't get it.
...
there are two types of trump haters, ones that hate him for dumb reasons, and ones that hate him for REALLY dumb reasons
he is a scam....
ah it doesn't matter who is president nothing will change. that being said FEEL THE BERN!
Donald Trump only believes what is popular at any one time to believe to progress like any soleless politician end of sad but history tells us every time that this is the case. we never learn
2:20 to skip to the clips
Ahhh the days before he was orange and was just finding out he would soon become the bankruptcy king of the US.  The good old days.......Oh yeah at 4:10 there's a cameo appearance from Claire Huxtable!!!!!!
music is strange
Why is there sad music being played in the background as if Trump is an angel?? America is a joke and the world knows! That's a video of 30 years ago so things have changed...
"are you a god? Then dieeeeeee" oh brother...  cringing hard
NO  DONALD TRUMP IS NOT THE SAME MAN YOU WERE TALKING TO 30 YEARS AGO.  TRUMP TALK LIKE A MEN IN THE BEGINNING ALZHELMER
Hiding that weak spot that long time ago...  what a dedication.
Donald Trump is a man who has supported the idea of beating up his protestors.

I'm sorry but that's not a man whose heart is in the right place. That's just wrong. And I would have thought that America, a country where freedom of speech is so-often cited by the people as one of the most treasured values, would be able to see that.
trash
Yesterday Americans were celebrating National Selfie Day. LOL What a bunch of stupid people.
its a fact, his first wife signed a deposition stating trump raped her, he claimed an a medical deferment from the draft for a foot problem but he doesnt remember which foot and he gets around on a golf course just fine, so its a fact he is a draft dodging rapist
his face needs a solid
how much is youtube paying u? how did u get the studio?
#TRUMPNATION
and You really think trump will win against the nwo 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 how?
Young Trump looks like Owen Wilson
trump is a cuck
i cant believe social media is going to persuade people to vote against trump as if hillary is better 😂😂😂 sad country
you suck
donald trump is trying to stop the new world order. New world order is about all north American countries opening up borders and switching their money into dollars. this will be called the North American Union. Europe has already done it (euros).
This guy, not Trump, this cunt presenting, is exactly what's wrong with America
If Donald Trump would speak with the same relaxed tone and measured approach that he uses in these clips he would attract a heck of a lot more people to his base.
His biggest problem is he's bringing too much of his reality TV persona with him when he delivers speeches these days. To come across as more presidential he needs to dial it in and focus on sounding well informed and in control of his emotions.
What if he's pretending to be a bad guy then when he gets in office he'll kill the Fed Res
lol desperate attempt to get the win!!!!
WHY NO LINK TO THE VIDEO?
This country is gonna be fucked up for Hilary wins
Little did people know, at that time he was a Democrat. Trump himself said people will believe anything you say. His plan was to destroy the Republican Party and make it look bad. He went from Democrat to Republican, the Trump theory or conspiracy is true. Trump kept on going and fucked himself over since he's the only Republican left.
his heart's right? Exactly, his heart is to the far right of the spectrum, that's why he's a racist/fascists
thats like saying my dick will go big if it goes viral or kanyes head :p
he is a draft dodging rapist
the trolls come in stacks when their crooked evil candidate is losing ground, she is the biggest thief in DC, Taking Millions for the Clinton commission from the middle eastern, gay hating, wemon hating terrorist loving scum, Trump will win, and Hillary "WILL" be put in prison, yes Hillary has support, the biased globalist media, the Establishment which has been screwing all of us, Obama who is bent on our destruction, only looking out for islam, oh yea, they all love Hillary, but the people, the Americans, who love America and want to make it a place to be proud of once again, we like Trump, that's why he will win, he will not only win, but BIG, HUGE, he will do what he says he will too, he will " MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hitler was also a nationalist that loved his country and people.
vote Hillary if you love alientation
Does any body know what the piano music playing is during trumps video?  anybody? cheers guys and girls
Hey Alex get the shit out of your mouth
This guy get his products made in China, what a hypocrite
Let him do domestic stuff all he likes in terms of domestic policy, but I'd be concerned this guy would drive the US into a third world war with china. He not happy about america getting ripped off and it shows a picture of the US debt to china, China makes all our good shit from hard work and ingenuity, they deserve the money.
So another question. How can we make sure that all of our votes count and count the way we want them to? 
I honestly think that the only good way is to insist on using paper and signing it because I think that the electronic machines can be tampered with and will not be accurate. 
I also do want to make sure that Dead people don't Vote.
Sorry, money is not the most important thing to this country. Being a steward with what we have is great, but it's not the most important thing. I see nothing in Donald Trump that says he actually cares about anyone other than himself.
Same man..........I saw him clearly talking about the wall and muslims recently. If he stuck to the way he, "used to talk" instead of exploiting a certain demographic of this country, then I think he might be damn good.
Feels like this video is to much the host voicing his opinion, I would have loved to see the actual videos.
There should be dislikes
Come on Alex, you don't believe Trump is under the same payroll as the Clintons? Left/Right it's just the illusion of free will. The Hegelian Dialect put to use by the Invisible Hand (aka NWO).
Please send this message around the country, so the public is well informed on who loves this country and who would make this country great again🙏🏻🇱🇷
Trump always has said " believe me ". Trump 2016
this is funny
thats 50% votes for donald
anyone noticed dislikes to likes ratio is almost 1:1 currently look its 11,600:11,600
so many hitlary supporters.
But the jews want Hillary.
Meaningless clickbait.
You can tell when there is fear of a Trump victory - this channel draws the haters to thumb-down videos of Trump. I watched the whole video, and I found it mild compared to many of Alex's stuff. Ah, but it presented Trump in a favorable light, and the Left can't handle that, so they probably pay trolls to trash the comment section. Knock yourselves out, shills and web-trash, a man is known by his works.
I literally fear for this country because of how foolish the left is. they have no history or wisdom. raised by TV and victims of the culture rot. we truly reap what we sow. such fools. their pride, envy, and drug abuse stunts them.
The song Demons ! Here's the big QUESTION? who HILLARY OR TRUMP  has the most demons ? This is how you know that both are bad off. But Hillary makes my ass cringe. And women who say they are equal are voting the plain ultra stupid fact that it's time for a women! OH MY GOD? WHY HAVE YOU DESERTED ME? See how stupid that sounds for a supposed educated race of humans to even go there. There is no chance or hope. We are on or way to hell.
these dislikes are fukin bs. cmon really lmfao AMAZING
Why does he talk like he's about to take a douch
When AJ passes gas, people run, global warming starts in his shorts. He is full of hot smelly air
PUT POLITICS BRAINWASH THINK TO THE SIDE - and THINK FOR YOURSELF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The ability for fellow Americans to determine for themselves to actually know the difference between TRUTH from falsehood, good and evil, right and wrong.... don't assume anything or "believe" what people are telling you, do your own do diligence, your own homework."There are two ways to be fooled, One is to believe what isn't true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true."  -Soren Kierkegaard
fdt
Alex, are you in love with Donald trump? getting wierd..
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Used to have so much respect for +TheAlexJonesChannel - that has definitely changed
is the video of trump before congress in the early 90s where he is slamming Reagan and his tax policies saying Reagan ruined america on here????????????
Same  Rhetorics
How much did Trump pay this tramp for publishinng that right-from-the-buttocks'-hole-of-the-DEVIL lie?
While you are busy looking for some **BULLSH** new world order, you are missing out on the real truth. People like this host are preying on you paranoia and keeping you busy from thinking. The truth is right in front of you. It is not hidden, its not a secret. You ready? Drum roll.............. The truth is **Greed and Evil ways are THE #1 threat to the USA**. Trump is greedy and he has shown, himself, that his ways are crooked. He is no good.
drop the music
im assuming this is what cartman looks like all grown up
So trump. He will make america great again! #Makeamericagreatagain
OMG, SOME OF THE COMMENTS BELOW ARE LAME.  OUR COUNTRY IS DYING AND HERE IS DONALD TRUMP RISKING HIS LIFE FOR US.  HE IS UP AGAINST A HOSTILE GOVERNMENT WHO IS DESTROYING US.  YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES.
The likes and dislikes are neck-and-neck
Most of the protesters I have seen on here are Mexicans.
Can Donald Rump actually smile?  Yes, of course Hillary and virtually all politicians have a sh@t- eating, fixed grin which they wheel out all the time. Sadly, Rump just doesn't even have a natural smile, one where his eyes also smile. He just looks like a lizard, turning up its mouth ever so slightly before striking. His terrible childhood didn't equip him with humour, true empathy or the ability to give, or even to appropriately receive, LOVE.  Tragically, Donald doesn't know what LOVE really means!! His nasty, overbearing father, Frederick Sr,  takes a lot of responsibility for this, but D Rump must also take plenty of responsibility for his demeanour and his actions.  
He needs help- But only the kind of help that a trained and experienced Psychologist or Counsellor can give him. For Gods sake people, do not vote this man into the highest office on Earth!
So at the start of the clip, Donald Rump says that it may be hard to beat someone in a presidential contest with a big smile and little brains. Little brains!!??  Rump is clearly one of the dumbest, uneducated people ever to be the official candidate from either party, apart from maybe George Bush Jr.  He  has virtually no knowledge of world events, world leaders, places and is ignorant on most history, even quite recent history. When asked an awkward question , maybe about a subject he is unaware of, instead of  'fessing up and admitting he isn't knowledgeable ( which of course,  happens to the best of us), Rump just makes blunder after blunder. He either guesses, often wrongly, or just intensifies that blank look on his face and talks about something unconnected with the question. Can you just imagine this grade A buffoon trying to relate to world leaders, foreign ministers/secretaries and even ambassadors in the US?   It is  a totally  unthinkable scenario.. 
Yes, this is clearly, party  explained   by Rump's  abusive childhood, at the hands of his KKK member, take no prisoners,domineering  father, Frederick Rump Sr.  (Incidentally, an abusive child-hood which led his older brother, Freddy Rump JR, to become a serious teenage alcoholic and eventually die from it at the age of 43).  However, Donald must take  the lions share  of responsibility for his action and words himself. After all, he is in his 60's now for f@*%ks sake!
It is clearly one helluva'  Hobson's choice- Lying, narcissistic, bullying Rump or  flip-flopping, disingenuous, bandwagon- jumping  Hillary  Clinton.  But, given a choice between Hitler and Fidel Castro, you would just have to choose Castro wouldn't you- Hilary being Castro in this analogy . The alternative, RUMP,  is un-imanageble.
make Donald |Drumph again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It shows you how much people despise Hilary that this guy is even in the running to be President.
I liked you Alex....
ugh....with all due respect to this channel: I fucking hate videos like this. Borderline clickbait.
Donald Trump has this remarkable ability to say:  "Something is wrong with America, I don't like it and I want to fix it" without truly giving that statement any substance, credibility or suggestions on how to logically solve the problem.  We're ripped off.  How?  Who is taking advantage?   Listen to every word he said and tell me when and where he substantiates any of his claims?  I listened to all of this objectively and I'm no closer to understanding what Donald Trump really believes than you (reading this) would be if I said:  "I don't like what's happening in this country because I see a lot of people who aren't happy, and I would like to stand up for these people."   Anyone with any amount of ability to think critically is going to ask me:  What is happening that you don't like?  Who isn't happy?  What are you going to do to stand up for these unhappy people?  If I responded "Well, it's just we're not winning anymore, I want us to win again."  Does that get you any closer to understanding where I'm coming from?   These statements could mean anything.  Maybe when I'm saying I know people who aren't happy, I'm talking about Warren Buffet and Bill Gates?
Drink bleach.
Cherry picking can make any case
we're not.. as in the general public... dont live like kings?
dude you know nothing about some places where people live like... i came from a place in europe that aint that great... and i can say that if i grew up over there instead of amaerica,, not matter the garbage that has to be put up with here.... i would know that yes i am being treated like a king.

lol other countries taking advantage... not by that much, last i checked america is taking advantage of sweat shops arent they? importing things for the low for example... its a love hate relationship.
he is no worse than the other republican candidates they know Hodor has a hairy arse but wont say so .
Still Trump. Still saying absolutely nothing in very many words.
The piano music gives it a soap opera touch. I am voting for Donald in November.
someone swallowed a dick
This is rubbish. Trump was a rich kid. He has believed it is his money given right to lord it over others and he sees the Oval Office as a prize.

He has been planning this from the outset. The ultimate power play and prize to leverage that great office to benefit himself and his friends. What a phoney.
So being a "nationalist" or a "patriot" is as easy as a handful of soundbytes making non-specific claims against tyranny? Is that really what it takes to get elected anymore? Clinton is not any better, an obviate liar and probable sociopath, but Jumping Jesus Christ how is this a functioning democracy when these are our choices?! Brainless puppets who can barely string an idea together. Cant wait to see the debate between them, a likely mixture of Southpark satiricism and Beavus and Buthead destructive idiocy.
Trumps hearts right?  But his brain is crippled... the ridiculous right fringe idiots...
Clinton shills have discovered this video
So at the start of the clip, Donald Rump says that it may be hard to beat someone in a presidential contest with a big smile and little brains. Little brains!!??  Rump is clearly one of the dumbest, uneducated people ever to be the official candidate from either party, apart from maybe George Bush Jr.  He  has virtually no knowledge of world events, world leaders, places and is ignorant on most history, even quite recent history. When asked an awkward question , maybe about a subject he is unaware of, instead of  'fessing up and admitting he isn't knowledgeable ( which of course,  happens to the best of us), Rump just makes blunder after blunder. He either guesses, often wrongly, or just intensifies that blank look on his face and talks about something unconnected with the question. Can you just imagine this grade A buffoon trying to relate to world leaders, foreign ministers/secretaries and even ambassadors in the US?   It is  a totally  unthinkable scenario.. 
Yes, this is clearly, party  explained   by Rump's  abusive childhood, at the hands of his KKK member, take no prisoners,domineering  father, Frederick Rump Sr.  (Incidentally, an abusive chid-hood which led his older brother, Freddy Rump JR, to become a serious teenage alcoholic and eventually die from it at the age of 43).  However, Donald must take  the lions share  of responsibility for his action and words himself. He is in his 60's now for f@*%ks sake!
It is clearly one helluva' Hobson's choice- Lying, narcissistic, bullying Rump or  flip-flopping, disingenuous, bandwagon- jumping  H Clinton.  But, given a choice between Hitler and Fidel Castro, you would just have to choose Castro wouldn't you- Hilary being Castro in this analogy . The alternative is un-imanageble.
People who hate Donald have no interest in not hating him. You can give them every reason not to hate them but they made up their mind. Who knew the mainstream media's propaganda against Trump was so effective?
why does a guy sound like someone's holding him very tight by the nutsack?
Jesus christ this video has been invaded by the SJWs
Trump is going to be beaten by a crooked girl because he is actually stupid.
great way to put the videos together with the soppy music but what he said then is not what is being presented now. Math will tell you that his plans are only going to make people like him more money and the poor is only going to be losing all they have left.
His biggest attribute is that he's Not Hilary Clinton.

H.C is a career politician and a puppet of the CFR and the elite.   It would not surprise me if Trump were assassinated
If not Trump, then who?
LOL so many hate comments.  Some people just dont see the truth when its right in front of them.
Giant Meteor 2016, just end it all
I wish Alex would shut up and just play the clip.  It seems Alex can't stop interrupting people even if they are on a video clip.
You're a fat idiot!
This is not journalism, this is propaganda. Going through the articles on their infowars-website, especially those which discuss the Germany/ Migration topics, I just found quick assumptions, e.g. suggesting to the reader that the German government is trying to induce chaos and to implement a Sharia law. lol... xD xD Also their 'references' are garbage, what the English reader might just not notice, because they are in German...
if it walks like a wetback and talks like a wetback then it is a wetback
hillary has faked her personality to be cool with her audience,
trump has not...
Shamefully ignorant Alex
mr donald  trump we love you and   god love you too
nearly half of the people hate this guy...look at your ratingalex...  listen to the people... your a scammer... a liar. a crazy angry horrible little man... your violent and taking money by sellingminerals to weak minded people whodont need them.whoneverneeded them... you and your brother.. and yourmother are scum...she hasbrought up 2 nasty abusing men. with no love just hate. wheres your light alex. your blind in the dark..and to make money from ill people and take there last penny. while you have so much.. your ratings speak for there self.people will see you for what you are over time and time. a fraud. and a greedy money taking rude idiot.
This poor bastard actually believes all the shit he's spewing!
Consistently vague doesn't mean right. He's playing you all for fools.

I don't support Hillary, but I believe she can competently run a country. Trump has absolutely no clue what he's doing when it comes to policy.
LOL that pathos shill music. 

You can't seriously say the Trump in this video is the same person now, if his current behavior is any indication. If 'they' really hated him they'd be ignoring him which they clearly are not. He won't even make his tax returns public! Honest my ass.
He's right Trump hasn't changed, he was a racist in the 70s when he was sued by the state of New York for discrimination against blacks and others from renting in his buildings. Still a racist today and while you klan members all clamor to support Fuhrer Trump just remember that Hitler came to power when conservatives who were afraid of Communism went with another habitual liar and backed Fascism. I have been a life long republican and historian and I know fascism when I see it. Back away immediately and vote for another candidate. Let's make the 3rd party a reality!
Well that was shit
whoever made this is prolly a dumb ass mexican anyways. stupid mexocans trying to persuade whites. go back to univision
"New" video?
looks to me america at that time was not great or better .trump has no good ideas  and hes losing busines poor guy .
This is a load of bullshit
alex you're a nut case
This host looks like Rush Limbaugh's overly tan, and much much less successful cousin. On his sisters side.

Even sounds like he's trying to be Rush.
Trump is going to bring US to the doorstep of 3rd World War !
TRUMP = NAZI and this fat ass is a clown!
Whos living and not living like kings??
He is no phony! He would get the Globalist and the people that have stolen from us. I do like DOnald Trump on a personal level. He has not changed
i like the like ratio..
who cares he is bigoted idiot
Hilary all day
THIS IS AMAZING .
Aww, he doesn't feel like fighting for his country and that would be a mean life... Wow.. two of my grandfathers fought for this country and they will never be the same because of what they saw. Pretty boy with mommy and daddy's money is too uncomfortable standing in the sun for too long. I would never vote for this piece of trash even if my life depended on it. Go back to counting your money.
Trump will win this race....MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
bull fucking shit man maybe that was him back then but now he's a
  sick son of a bitch like just why would the accompany just crash to build Wall 100 feet tall and about 120 miles wide
bull fucking shit man maybe that was him back then but now he's a
  sick son of a bitch like just why would the accompany just crash to build Wall 100 feet tall and about 120 miles wide
Figured I'd watch it before Trump bans it...
Nice Putin suit.
the only sad thing is the music.
dumb!!!!
So basically he has always been anti free trade, just like Bernie Sanders.... and this is a good thing? FML.

 TRUMP IS TO THE LEFT OF HILLARY CLINTON ON TRADE.
One man cant change the life of 7+ billion ppl. They are plans in place and hes part of it.
"believe me"
"why?"
"believe me"
"ok but some facts wou.."
"BELIEVE ME"
Why were you not in Nam?...you seemed pretty healthy...whats the excuse?
Hillary hasn't even been president and she has slaughtered millions of babies through the massive funding and supportment of planned parenthood. She got a ambassador to the united states and other marines murdered. The massive security threat through her email server? She is a traitor, at least donald trump has some of gods values. Hillary just spits in gods face. Trump isnt exactly the best candidate but he sure is better than a socialist and a traitor. Brainless dems saying "Do you really want to give the power of a nuke to him?" Ummm last i checked the united states has a 2 man rule which means THE SECRETARY OF DEFENCE has to authorize a nuclear attack. You think the worlds going to just keep letting us go in debt? It doesnt work like that. Wake up
#TRUMP2016
If people think Trump is the answer then why do you see him making the triangle signs of the illuminati. He's still part of the elite 1%. There hasnt been a president in decades that has done positive things for our country. Yet people are still hopeful. This election is just entertainment to try to deter you from what's really going on with our govt. Don't you think...
Oh did we find a video of what Trump believed when he had real hair? But we are purporting it to represent what he believes now? Oh... people don't change? I guess I still believe kissing my boo-boo will make it all better then : /
Yes his heart is in the right place.  He is the right man for the job.
This guy is dangerous in every way
11k up 11k down, a nation divided, hard times a coming.
Wait a minute, who wants to live like a king?  There's a serious flaw in his priorities.  The goal isn't to subjugate and to have no work to do except order people around,  the goal is to work on better problems for the benefit of the people who we trust.  Besides that, what other people are they making into kings, Israelis?  He seems to be obsessed with the notion of competition and cannot see that artificial competition itself is the problem.  We have enough natural competition to deal with, what we need is to create a synergetic environment, where people feed off of each other instead of on each other.  The difference is in the foundational values: greed and conceitedness vs. frugality and humility.  Outside of the 5 basics: housing, food, water, clothing and sanitation, the only other function of government should be to provide free transportation.  If you can't provide, you make a sorry a** excuse for a father figure. 

 BTW, I wonder what his take is on news, all we hear about everyday is gay this, gay that, if he's doesn't believe gayness is a disorder, then I suppose the 99% gayness of the news networks is here to stay.
Trump is the best choice you've gotten rotten and corrupt Hillary and Mr Hippie Sanders.
there are plenty of more videos showing how poorly he treats women (just look at his howard stern interviews) and  how he has failed at most of his businesses.  His father gave him 300 million and really has done nothing with it.  Which is why he will not release his taxes.
I remember when this cook was spreading his ilk from his basement...who gave him the green screen and the nice 60FPS camera
Where's the ones about hillary
All I hear him talking about is money.
i don't understand how this guy is able to make a career of this with that terrible voice...
How does this show what he really believes? So because someone says something on tv they really mean it?
The title of the video should be, "Why Trump thought he could become president."
Alex's voice is giving ME throat cancer - damn
what is that music trying to do
"[Trump] his heart's right & that's why they're so scared of him." What kind of a statement is that? No one is scared of Trump because 'his heart's right' in face it's just the opposite. The multitudes of Americans who are "scared" of Trump is because they believe what seems to be evidence that his heart is in a very bad place. Our good countrymen are afraid of Trump because he acts like a fascist dictator. All the violence he insights at his rallies & threats that he makes. He is one scary fellow when we think of the disastrous wars he might wage. As far as providing more jobs? Yeah, we're going to need a lot more prison guards. Do not expect the minimum wage to increase any time soon, not during this presidency in fact we might have to lower the minimum so that we can employ more & more people.
I love the background music..this reminds me the episode of the Simpsons when Mr burns wanted to be mayor or something lol
Now was this video supposed to make Donald trump look good or bad???? I'm so confused!!?!?!!!!
Trumps mouth freaks me out...
what a doofus showing your obvious color, I bet you think your smart being a back seat driver
i need a "donald trump" after watching the first minute......
I used to like Alex but he jumped the shark years ago and his support of trump only proves he's lost it.
this seems like a great way to lure people into watching the video. Very PRO Trump... I would have never heard of it, if it wasn't for THIS video
It's a baby Donald!
Man, so smoking. Your voice sounds like cancer... wtf.
He's tired of seeing people live like kings 'and we're not?' He's a fucking billionaire. He's a salesman. He's one of the kings. He can sell bullshit to a bull.
So why so many dislikes?
Bullshit ppl change hes a fucking joke!!! he lost his head!! we cant listen to old shit its bullshit!!!!
BERNIE GONNA DIE BEFORE HE FINISHES HIS TERM FOR PRESIDENT..
The only thing  that video shows  is that Trump has always be a narcissist a-hole who thinks that he is smarter  than anyone else..
Vote for Trump! We're all fucked anyhow and the rest of the world thinks we're the most stupid and racist people on the planet... Let's all band together and prove them right!! Vote for Trump!!
so where's your information that makes trump so great? if you play the full videos he comes off as a snob. this is not powerful, more like a waste of time.
This video DOES NOT show what "Trump really beleives in." It shows that his opinions haven't necessarily changed over time about being screwed by globalists and how he would only run if he thought he could win and if he felt America had come to such a bad point where it was necessary and how he didn't want to have to run. "That he's been standing true to the same things for years." This IN NO WAY advocates why he deserves and is right to be the leader of a country, in charge of our laws and lives really, repersenting our country and US. I've loved fucking pie for decades and i've stood by that for years, nothing's changed- does that make me fit to be a politician? um no. Which leads me to my NEXT point- 
       he's never even been mayor, and I think that that is NECESSARY before trying to be a president. Would you trust some real estate billionaire on your block to be president? No, you wouldn't, because he has absolutely no credentials- so wth are you trusting in Donald Trump? 
       Let alone the fact that he is immature and impulsive and rude etc. I think he was a better person then. He's NOT "the same guy". He seemed actually seemed kinda humble, and caring etc and now he's racist, stupid- doesn't research things before talking publicly about it such as when he said the judge wasn't American and when he said the Orlando shooter was an immigrant. Also he's so insulting to other politicians (and people) and that's not professional, respectful, or promising. idc if professionals say "he does it coz it's a great tactic" to get us citizens thinking the same way, and thus lean to HIM instead. That's going go get terrorists to hate America even more. He will have absolutely NO professionality with foreign countries/meeting either. I would hate if DONALD EFFING TRUMP, being the President, represented MY views, beleifs, personality, etcDid he seriously say before 3:41 "How they're making others live like kings and we're not."??? He did too live like a king acting like he can relate I don't think so. He got a "SMALL loan of a million dollars."
Redneck News?. Hillbillies? Morons? I certainly don't care to read any more moronic ideas and opinions, so have at it - you morons.
I'm a liberal.  I like trump.  I've liked him since the beginning when conservatives hated him.  I like him now even though all liberals think he's the reincarnation of hitler.  I'd probably vote him over Hillary.  PROBABLY.   Mostly because he's really not a traditional conservative.  I think he could steer the republican party away from that... old religious base that they've been leaning on for so  long.
this is what he believed 30 years ago. How many of your beliefs do you share with yourself 30 years younger.
Trump is not a good option because all the Rhetoric aside, A trump presidency would mean an isolationist America on the world stage. countries abroad, starting with Muslim countries would fall out of America's influence and into the hands of China or Russia. Ultimately it would weaken America's diplomatic position in the world and would gradually drive America to resort to using force more and more. Eventually, America might find itself to be ad odds with everyone, same as Nazi Germany.
this guy doesn't  seem the brightest
what a load of BS
:/ lol. best scam ad ever
Trump is a complete fucking idiot and extremely bad for america
The AVERAGE View duration of this clip is 4:39 .
Majority of people STOP watching this post straight after the first clip of Trump.
Just about the same amount of Thumbs UP as Thumbs DOWN.
I cant see how Trump has the support Alex says he does.
I think Alex has a MAN CRUSH on Trump.
"new video" LMAO
It's the same guy alright, Alex. The same narcissistic asshole.
His Dad was not blue collar.  Blue Collar folks work for a living.   His Dad  made back room real estate deals screwing people over.  Don't be fooled folks.    If you vote DT that's your choice, but don't be fool by this infowars.com dude. Just another person who tends to talk a lot of....
He didn't say  anything convincing, except that other countries are making money except us. Sounds more like greed  to me.  Sorry Pal!!!! But you can't have the cake and eat it too.    And, news flash...He sure isn't a patriot.  Patriots don't dodge wars....
Are the dislikes on this video from democrat voters and sjw's who don't even watch the video
Are the dislikes on this video from democrat voters and sjw's who don't even watch the video
who still listen to this old fart hired for disinform?
One of the few dudes still rock'in the same hair he did 30 years ago. Wow. I don't know that it 'Stood the test of time'
save your breath ... Trump should never be president of any country!!
asshole
Your voice makes me want to put duct tape over your mouth and lock you up somewhere far from ears everywhere.
"I don't know how the audience feels but I'm sick of seeing America ripped off"
Risky positions to put to an Oprah audience.
I'm sure that many of them must have been Baader-Meinhoff anti-capitalists 
and Hezbollah Shia Islamic groups, intent at the downfall of the American system.
Hillary and Hitler share the same frontier.  Both are ugly, power hungry and will stop and nothing to get power, corrupt, lying, deceitful, and both have angry fits of rage.
I love to see all the trump supporters get angry. haha!! idiots.
What a dick sucker you are Alex.
Donald is so thin-skinned, he will quit before the election, and republicans will have to scramble to find a new candidate. Get ready to vote for Mitt Romney.
Hillary is not a "God", but a cunt!
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen. Wow.
Does not matter if you go back when he was a fetus! He is a racist and a bully!  He will NEVER represent America!
nice voice
I don't care if everyone  in the world votes for trump... they pick who runs... and who finishes the Victor... Obama probably had 5 votes in his favor.... remember he said don't forget to bend over for the soap...
Hillary shills are so angry right now. 
keep strong trumpeters!
At least he likes women...   Obama loves men... gag me with a spoon...
u are an absolute moron. it's hysterical
To be honest, I wasn't going to vote for Trump.  This video was very good at changing my opinion.  I would vote fresh dog terd over Hillary, but if it was Trump, I just would have abstained from voting.  Now, I feel confident that my vote for Trump (more like a vote against Hillary) is justified.
Went to the site to find the full video.. The hell with that garbage.  Hire someone to organize your fucking webpage.
This guys lisp is driving me fucking mad!
He didn't say anything different of what we have heard from him on the media
IS SATAN Oprah Winfrey
Lol you're a fucking moron mate.
uneducated faggots will vote for trump
this is pure bullshit … Trump is a Billionaire … He only thinks about himself…
empty and generic message, think, choose right.
Good luck, Americans. Yer gonna need it. Thank the lord for the 2,000 mile-wide Atlantic Ocean! :-D
No matter how you slice it, he is still a blabbering IDIOT! If anybody could get both feet into their mouth, it would be Donald! The guy should STAY OUT OF POLITICS!!
think about this....have you ever....heard trump utter a word with more than 3 syllables .....sure...he's a business savant, gleaned from his dad. other than that....the man is a backwards, racist twat...good luck America!
You called Trump a patriot, how do you respond to his draft dodging? He's never served our nation, only his own interests
pull trumps dick outa yer mouth,,,
Trump 2016!!
fool hes rich now and wants more ,  by way of creating a world united . which goes against or nation . if im wrong the i apologize .  i believe in our constitution . not what any info i see in internet.
The truth is both of you are full of shit!!#facts
u all know that they make hitlary the new president
I sent money to Bernie, but if it comes down to a choice between Hillary and Donald, I will either vote for Donald or stay home, maybe even write in Bernie.  But no way would I vote for a Clinton for the WH.
Your voice is sooooo fucking disgustingly unlistenable to an English boy like me.
It REALLY....   OMG,    do you have a throat illlness or somethink? PLS go OFF AIR
"Others live like kings" he sounds jealous of the arabs even back then
what is this fucking crap?? what kind of insolent weak idiot would be swayed by such a pathetic attempt at manipulation, i really am frightened by the fact this video has more likes than dislikes, we could all potentially be fucked...
Donald Trump is just a piece shit
Come on Alex, nobody talks like that in real life (I mean Alex's voice), only mean fake Wrestlers talk like that.
The tender caring comments and the music got y'all open. 3 minutes of a clip from many years ago and now he's more likeable.  How gullible!
BS... if there were any credibility in AJ at all... its gone now...
What a bunch of Leftist TROLLS showed up. Soros pays them well. Take a look at Venezuela to see what Socialism brings. Plenty of news coming out of there. Fidel had Cuba locked down tight. Since '65 hospitals in Cuba had NOTHING. But, they repeat the lie LONG enough... you start to believe it. Socialist/Communists have killed more folks than anyone else. Stalin. Mao. Fidel. Che. Lenin. POS.
2.26 If you just want to see what Trump looked like 30 years ago.
not a fan of trump but what does a 20 year old video have to do with anything.
i thought this vid would reveal trump outside of politics, it only showed him as politician ruining his campaign as "i would probably run for president" who cares... he did politics then and he does politics now.
Paying attention to any info one can and as much current info on the topic on the ballot counting, laws of fair election  rules, and the current 'election' frauds occurring is where the real Democrat lives.
This guy sounds like he's talking through a burp. Don't think I've ever talked to anyone in person that sounds like that.
This is terrible.
Trump is a 1%er,hates unions, gets special permission to use foreign workers in  his hotels, said minimum wage is to hi now. he's an entitled creep , and not real bight
What a dick head you are!
He is just another cover of a KKK.
Donald Duck Trash is nothing but a loud noise harmonica that never ceased to goes un-endingly out of tune.
I CANT WAIT FOR TRUMP TO SAVE US, AND EXPOSE ALL THE CORRUPTION.
It figures...one crackpot likes another.
"Make America Great Again".   lol, if he'd said that during a presidential run in the 80's or early 90's he'd be saying that after Reagan was President for 8yrs and Bush Sr was president for 4.    Reagan was a good president.   Trump would bankrupt the nation through his own ineptness and then use that as an excuse to go to war.
Has Trump always had the same haircut? This man doesn't like change.
2008 Hope & Change... Everyone wanted change so bad they couldn't see what was coming... 2016 Make America Great Again... Problem - So many are scared of an Obama repeat they'll vote for anyone they think is an outsider. 
Results - They vote in a Neo-Con who's really a Democrat. Economics may get better but we will slide further into a Hitler style police state. Why? because so few will actually look at what is and change their direction. all the see is 2 parties and only the ability to select the lesser of two evils. Yet a 3rd party that upholds the Constitution, individual rights,  & less government in the citizen's lives is right behind them. They can't see it because the 2 party system has them believing in lies.
i changed my mind and opinion over time as anyone does showing old videos for present gain is sleezy
President of people of Walmart...
Trump is referring to how this country is being brought down by those who shouldn't be here (illegals). and how libertarianism has shaped the country. he is not talking about bringing the country together but to change its views. wake up people
hillary clinton is the biggest liar going,she keeps saying i never said that then its prooved she did,untrustworthy like her cigar loving husband
Does this host have constant constipation ...moreover, does he host, while sitting on his Porcelain Throne - I believe so!

Anyway, this is NOT "powerful stuff" ...its Nostalgia, wrapped up in sad Piano Soundtrack...

Trump is a generalising douche, saying not much, and without substance...

Just like the host: "this will get Trump voted as President" ....ummm, NO ...we are not dumb enough to be swayed by a fan made Trump Trailer, to suddenly vote Trump. 

This works only on the easily manipulated and the weak and feeble minded...
Most of the globalists ARE American.  Trump is not a Bush Republican - He's a corporate puppet master behind the Bushes Republican.  He is part of a group of wealthy, connected corporate Americans who are pulling the strings behind the CIA etc - They care about nothing but the commercial interests of wealthy Americans.  They might talk about Cabbies but they really want to do them over - so that the cabbies taxes go, not into healthcare and education but, into fighting less powerful governments in Latin America etc so that they can exploit them and kill hundreds of thousands like they did in the sixties.  That is what has turned so many of those states into places where their greatest incomes come not from legitimate trade but the drugs that are poisoning America.  What goes around comes around.
He hangs out with regular people? really? you really believe that? The last great president we had was Reagan. The rest are trying to get a free retirement out of the white house. Trump owes Billions to banks, he will drain the pockets of "regular people" to bail himself out of debt with banks. I have been so disappointed with the leadership of this country and lack of quality Republican candidates im thinking about just moving out of this country. Trump will get elected and will change nothing. Come back and read this message 4 years from now.
I love Trump and I know he will do whats right for America and all Americans people will change their minds when he does win and will see what America can be... Watch and see I love America...
How short is the human memory!
We have witnessed this rhetoric before in the past. World War II was led by
this kind of thinking and mentality. This is a very dangerous moment in time. It
appears from a distance that America is driven by fear, it has become their daily bread, smothered in truckloads of justifications. What we
send out in our life, returns double fold.  I hope that the American people makes smart choices which are not
driven by fear.
I'm going to McDonald's in 5 minutes. Anybody want anything?
this was just Drumf's opinion that specific moment of that specific day.
dump trump before it's too late or we all going to die
I don't get it why is this the real Donald trump and not the other more offensive one, maybe the offensive one is the real trump and this one is the fake one, you don't provide any reasosn for your assertions ! that's arrogant !
Trump Sucks Cock
He's become dangerously tan since these clips
clearly biased against hyrule
ripped off? that's what the united states do to the whole world. Rothschild asslicker
That awkward moment when you're reading this comment to find an awkward moment but there isn't any, and still you're reading this comment and you're starting to realise it says nothing important and you just wasted a couple of seconds of your life but you're still reading and you don't even know why. That's awkward... You should give me a like for wasting your time.
Did they have to use this host to convey this message? His voice is nearly intolerable.
trump wants power for himself, Hillary wants power for the people who pay her... its a lose-lose
I would dig up Kennedy's body and re-animate him and get him back to office and let the true king come back to his throne.
The stupid is strong with this one.
Vote 3rd party
this is the most annoying video I have ever watched in my entire life
"He likes women...like King David"

Really?

Not like a Trick? 

How bout Freak...

or maybe Perv?

First thing comes to mind was King David?

SMH 😕 

Language is EVERYTHING.
The point of the video was to show his "line" has remained the same.  He basically said, (1) he doesn't really want to be President but... (2) he's tired of how things have been handled for decades.  (3) he would not rule out being President someday so he could do things differently.  Time and again he shows he does not flip flop his position on the matter but he remains true to what he said.
This guy needs to pull Don's cock out his mouth for a few minutes. Trump will not only not win, BUT watch what happens post elections. Trumps empire will fall fast, even his most loyal and closest friends are stepping back as they are wanting to distance themselves from the greedy, dumb, contradictory statements he is making. Trump stands for everything that is wrong in America dispite what his even more backward thinking followers think.
"I'm a loud mouth idiot who doesn't know anything.... everone listen to me"
This video has absolutely no substance what so ever, none.
WHEN YOU SAID KING David likes women.....sure he did. BUT his SON Solomon really liked women. 1,000 wives and concubines in total. And no telling how many side chicks.
His voice kills my will to live
That video is old you chump
I said this months ago! AMen, He is the only one who has never compromised Morals, Ethics and Integrity, to be "the billionaire" of our lifetime......Do we want what we are asking for?
http://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?iso=20171230T235959&p0=111&msg=End+of+Gods+Grace+and+Removal+of+Free-will+from+Depraved+humanity&font=cursive
Latino for Trump!
Trump will not be president of the Unite Estates, so John stop kissing up!
Why does the "host" keep interrupting to explain the videos as though we are too ignorant and stupid to get it ourselves? Instead of clarifying and reinforcing the message he has just made me turn it off. Sometimes less is more.
Fat gay
the only thing i can take away from these old videos is that even 30 years ago he gives pointless and meaningless answers
Geez, does anyone REALLY believe that Donald Trump doesn't speak his mind? 
He's not Hillary, talking out of his ass according to polls, and then doing the exact opposite.
"Oh, here's my COOKIE RECIPE! And now that Bill's elected here's my HEALTH CARE PLAN that you WILL FOLLOW-- and it's MS. RODHAM, TO YOU!"
Fucking cunt, how can ANYONE believe a word this bitch says, except for New Yorkers.
is it just me, or does he seem different then, than he does now? like he was more humble then or something. idk
Trump is actually helping democrats to have the next president of the USA
IF Trump does get elected, it will be Zachary Taylor all over again.
TRUMP WEARS PANTYHOSE!!
He doesn't about the care about the blue collar workers, just the wealthy
This is so bias, how about you play the video about Trump deporting muslims
Ur voice is fucken annoying
Why the hilarious music, Alex Clown?
Trying to make people cry or something?
Truth is that he is not a very good businessman. He got the money from his dad and if he just put them on an S&P index fund, he would have more money. And with not even close to the risk. 
He have taken a lot of risk and it payed off more badly with an index fund...
What a creepy creep
The funny thing is to see how he went from kind of handsome to looking like, well...... He does now.
the host is a piece of shit...
America was made of immigrants from all over the world. And was taken away from the Native Americans in 1890 there Native American Flag and language was also removed. America Is a Country where We need to live and love One Nation Under God No matter where you come from or how you look like
Hmmm. So America Wasn't Great during those times either. Interesting.
But Trump hides truth, like all other snake, the problem in USA, is zionist power, the president has not the power, this community controls all decisions in america, 
Prove me I'm wrong !
Trump, is Obama 2007, very nice guy, capable, but same lies, and same hidden truths.
can i bet on US elections somewhere? i think i got a fix
donald trump lies like the rest of those capitalists
I guess you can believe whatever you want as long as you "love America" and talk over sappy piano chords. His campaign is built on hollow dialogue and a brand name.
So, Forrest T.'s hair ALWAYS looked bad...
TRUMP Will not make the president you think.. I don't like people who have as much hate and bigotry in their heart... Trump will ruin this country he must not win..
The money has destroyed his mind !
haha Oprah's laugh is so lame
Its hard to have respect for a presenter who has clearly shouted so much that he sounds like someone who has eaten an ashtray
He could have died a hero, but he lived long enough to become a villain..
All of his sound bites are good in this video, but don't let them fool you.The man is so unfit for office it's scary. It may be funny to foreigners, until he meddles in your affairs..
Young Trump reminds me of David Muskavitch
You don't DESERVE to be president, you must be CHOSEN.
He say's at 3:35   :  Cause i am really tired of what is happening to this country. How we are really making other people live like kings, and we are not.  WTF DUDE, YOU OWN BILLIONS.
as a Mexican business owner, there is some principles of Trump i reallt agree. it just sucks how he does not like us the mexicans or muslims. he should put it all aside and focus on his strength which is the business aspect. he know many many entrepreneurs who made fortunes here in the US are from all over the world. If he does make it. i hope he thinks through that the only way America will make money is giving opportunity to the immigrants who want to make a change like he does
Trump has been ripping the people of America off since he was old enough to know better and talking about how may or may not have ripped America off
People Change ASSHOLE! Does Alex still get High? People Change!
WTF is the bing boing noise for?
Donald Trump said figure it out. Steven Colbert did. Donald Trump is a Nazi Asshole !!!
So you are saying that trump has to become president because he kept his outdated beliefs? Why not make an extreme christian president, his belief is even older and more outdated. kek
Donald Trump is so clearly a rich corporate fascist brat. If you're actually working class or middle class, Donald Trump will cripple your interests the same if not worse than Hillary. Look into Bernie Sanders, a true warrior of the working middle class.
Alex Jones= Child mind.
Promotional crap…
I have one question to the man behind the desk; at 9:18 he states " he ( Donald Trump) hangs  out with normal people" Please define what "normal people" means? 
or anyone who thinks they could speak for other people. I'm sure there are plenty of Trump supporters who believe they know better and believe they could speak for others.
Could Trump be worse than the vile Clinton cunt?
vote anonymous
This faggot should challenge Hillary to a bleach chugging competition
people get so heated over politics. i don't care who is president, it won't prevent me from making any of my dreams come true so it really doesn't matter to me. EVEN Bush, was a pretty genuine and intelligent guy. you have to be, to even be considered as a candidate, so why bother hating on him, or any other president. i personally feel that if you worry too much about politics, then you depend on them for ideals and beliefs. you're just waiting for a role model that is accepted by all, especially other countries. our president doesn't always accurately depict america as a whole, and that makes it's citizens bitter. if I've learned anything about Americans, being one; it's that we want acceptance, and we get bent out of shape because our leader can't get us that very acceptance. sometimes the leaders slip up and get us hated, but we don't need the worlds approval.
Yeah, Reagan had some trouble in the polls in '80 too. Then he went out and won 44 states.
meglo-maniac since day 1
Here's the good news. As the world moves into 5D which is happening now, we no longer have a need for government. We will be self governing free thinking sovereign beings restored to full consciousness.
I never think of Trump as the apprentice because that show was as fake as he is.  He can't run a business.  He makes money on his name and real estate that he inherited, not his businesses.  How many bankruptcies?  Can't pay his bills.  Or won't pay his bills, can't decide which is worse.
This whole video is pointless what did he say that matters ?
ten tousand up and ten tousand down
You crazy right wingers are crazier and crazier every day.  Funny indeed, but CRAZY!!
Today he's proof himself of "No big brain and big smile"
Alexis Jonestein forgot to mention Brooklynite Trump wants to shut down the Internet, not to mention he has dedicated the last thirty years of his life to some serious brownnosing of the usual suspects. No wander they call him a "mensch with chutzpah".
Well, there goes 6 minutes of my life I'll never get back, dumb news for dumb people, the kind of people Trump loves, uneducated dumb people.
darnass number sounds like deeply  sexonce
So Reagan in the 1980's said that the country is being ripped off but now praises Reagan?

Yeah... the same guy! 

oh, and "it seems the economy does better under democrats"?
wow!!!!!

https://www.reverbnation.com/sovereignlegion/song/26090610-down-to-ride-vocals-sovereignproduced
Trump's brand is called "TRUMP" - he's running for president to promote his brand, and he's trolling everybody really hard while doing it - unless he's attempting to debunk democracy as a whole, he is NOT actually trying to become president.  + Duh.
Throat cancer...
This is f bipolar dude.  He is racist,  liar and wants you to believe that he can improve the economy when he has committed so many crimes. Nasty guy
when you side with drumpf,  it shows you ignorance
God this fucker is as much of a shit bag as Trump.
Lmao at all the dislikes. This video is really popular for some reason. And wooow, he was consistent in the past about wanting to be president? So what? It's irrelevant.. It doesn't make him a good candidate either way. Besides, he's clearly not consistent about anything else he says.
This idiots voice is awful, and he talks so f-ing much...play the clip already
Either you smoke way too much, have a sore throat or your voice is just naturally not fit for commentating
New video? That's shits like back when he had hair it's probably 30 years old
Still better than Hillary.
You're a puppet too!!!!
His heart is right😒 Trump is a distraction and a puppet as well as Clinton...there is no election...they breed their puppets...they already know who the new puppet is...Clinton😈
BS
That music is making me mad. Put a gentle song over someone talking about anything and that person will appear harmless.
The piano music isn't fooling me. You don't get the support of both white supremacists and Jewish Zionists without being two-faced.
Sounds great to Me Trump 2016 !!
Drumpf is a peice of shit. He will destroy the US if he gets elected. I guess that's not a bad thing.
looks like your viewers are literally 50/50 on this one
bahahahahaha
Im not surprised this guy is supporting trump, he is such an idiot.
trumps almost as bigger fake as you alex.
funny...new video. doesn't look that new tbh.
MORE FALSE HOPE
What views does anyone have at 70 they had at 30 ? Stupid progressives can feel it slipping away from them & can do nothing but freak. It is so fun to watch. Kick there asses Trump & many, many happy birthdays to come. 
 Funny how obamas bday has never been spoken of because we really don't know it. Soon he will go away unless he halts the election because he has ordered his ISIS to attack in October. Purple thumbs anyone. This is why he is getting so desperate to take our only form of protection from our government. That is why the 2nd exists & was given.
HE'S ANTI NWO??!! PLS DONALD TRUMP SAVE THE FUCKING WORLD AND REK ALL HE IRAQI BITCHES
Don't trust a man with a doll's mouth.
Donald Trump would make mexicans and blacks DIE
This video proves he cares about America.
Trump foresaw what a mess this country would be if Hilary Clinton took over and he decided to take action.  I tell you,  It is so obvious that the media fears trump that it makes me think that this is a good thing.   Unfortunately for Canada, we will have the liberal government tearing apart my Country.  We were only letting in women and children from syria...that sure changed quick.  We were lied to and our media censors it.   Hilary will lie too and your media sensors it.
Trump 2016!
A con man promoting a con artist. America is going down the drain... Sad!
I think its funny how this guy is bothered by the "clear bias" against donald trump, while feeling perfectly comfortable showing clear bias in favor of donald trump... Hypocrisy at it's finest.
....He changed his mind....after 30 years......so what....
the thumbs up and down are 50 50 must be trolls on here
Too bad the guy acts like a 5th grader now, and has totally lost his mind. They also forgot the part about his mafia connections in the 90's.
Holly shit. Drumpf being kind and humble.
yeah trump for president god I hope he does get president, once in a lifetime chance to see this and it would be great entertainment also and not knowing what going to happen, yes trump for president all the way honestly.
What's the difference if both political parties are running with the same exact intensions? Long story short we're all fucked
One more video confirming how highly educated the average american is. Seems like most of the americans still didn't understand that this isn't a populatiry contest from highschool but an election which is about politics. Trump isn't a politican. He's a clown.

Can somebody tell me why the heck america is not laughing about Donald Trump like the rest of the world is? When I see a video like this I start to believe that america deseves Donald Trump to be elected. Build fences, exclude people from your society and get more guns so the problem will probably solve itself... Sorry for my shitty english
He won't have much suport as a pressident because no one likes him. He is just going to become what people dissliked about obama personified; a pressident with out the power to do the stuff he wants. This would be if he gets elected.
What so ever, trump will likely not be voted to become pressident because he licks ass with the people who will vote republict no matter what, while he shits on those who are uncertain about how they should vote.
A billionaire being concerned about people being ripped off. Sure.
This video is propaganda. Donald Trump wouldn't make a great leader because he's only running for president because of his huge ego. He doesn't give a damn about anyone. He knows what to say and how to persuade people to believe him. He's a businessman.
this is so cheezy
unfortunately those who seek to make America into a 4th world nation, orchestrated the  Orlando slaughterhouse.  Which candidate historically condones murder and mayhem.  facts speak for themselves
Doesn't Donald Trump live like a king? He's born in a rich family and borrows a small loan of a million dollars. I'm sorry the video clips just don't make any sense.
Relatively convincing - as they always are on the surface - until the third video (8:33). There I can see the lies. I stand by my opinion that he's bad news and I believe that he's going to be elected.
Biggest load of propaganda bullshit that I've ever mistakenly clicked in my life. What the fuck's up with the sad piano music in the background? This is laughable.
I don't see the point of this video.  It's like trump is narrating it or something, not a specific detail about his views or what he would like to accomplish.  Not getting ripped off, making a lot of money, getting our deals... Specifics are not his specialty and people still follow him blindly.
Trumps going to win no matter who says what 👁
His heart is right?? Hate, anger and lies, where is his heart right. When it comes to money and power his heart is strong, but very selfish.
HEY! i'm a person, and i know everything/more than you.
Has always been a delusional narcissist, has always had truly terrible hair.
This  says a lot. You know who the man is. No bs.
This was good but a little less of you and just show the video would be more timely
Thanks
Trump & Putin will make the world great again.
Trump was handsome, I could never have imagined his ferocious lion head could be that kind of a shot, thanks to this video
He's been saying the same thing for thirty years? lol At least Hillary has changed with the times and has had a few more jobs than just sitting around making "deals" all day on the phone. This guy has used his looks and money his entire life to persuade people, he's the consummate salesman, it's hard to stop even at seventy.
I can't stand his voice. I hope Trump will be elected. Amercans have got no choice: a fucking slut aka liar or Trump. I honestly believe Americans neither like nor suport both of them. It's a burning issue that the US cannot find a good leader and elect a real president to rule the country for so many years. Clearly there're some problems and flaws in the establishment. I wish you'd find a proper solution to the current establishment's problems in the near future.
the music made this so emotional and happy. then you realize he still wants to ban all Muslims. Adolf trump is our end
the music made this so emotional and happy. then you realize he still wants to ban all Muslims. Adolf trump is our end
I'LL VOTE For Trump any Day over "Lying,Greedy Money Grubber" Bull Dyke Thief Killary... The Democratic Party & Leftist can ALL GO to HELL !!! Never Trust the Left...
I guess you can argue the fact that he's anti-new world order, but who knows man. Honestly who fucking knows what's going on behind the curtain. there's so much stuff they cover up and hide and probbaly know about 10% of the truth and that sucks to say about our country. The new founding fathers had a vision and I feel like we let them down. It just sucks to see the country we know and love be treated like its some pointless game or bussniess. I don't think Donald Trump understands exactly what being president means. You're responsible for pretty much the world. His aggressive attitude also might get us into more conflicts than needed. Sometimes it is right to use force , but force isn't always the answer. It depends on the situation. But there's no way in hell I want Hillary in charge of the US. She's a liar and a snake. Let alone the fact she could still go to jail. I'm just praying that America won't get destroyed and we will make it through 4 years just like every other time
How many years ago?  Join us in the here and now you loser.
Info wars is dumb as'f. Trump has changed over 30 years and not positively. Anyone who believes this is dumb.
"No voting against TRUMP is supporting terrorism.  Just 
look at all of these Trump so called protesters.  They are really 
terrorists"    YES THEY ARE.  MILITANT RACISTS all of them.  I have 
have 2 TRUMP Yard signs pulled off of my truck back window by SCREAMING 
IDIOT PROGRAMMED DUMBED DOWN BLACK TEENAGERS who have NO IDEA what they are doing.  A S L E E P.    AND YOU ARE ALSO ASLEEP and/or PROGRAMMED.  
WAKE UP.!!
This was then..... this is now. Hes a fool.
Hilarious
Idiocracy is coming true.
this just shows what Trump hasn't said a fucking thing for 30 years.
love the back round music lol NOT!!
im back on the cancer side of youtube again...
Trump is a piece of shit.  He would ruin this country for years to come if elected.  His supporters are being fooled by an expert scam artist and thief of the working class.
your voice... gosh... take a lozenge
i don't like donald trump but i rather have him than clinton
*Laughs... It's not what he was like, it's what He is like now!
This is a young kid--people change as they grow older. Everyone reading this has.
That was Democrat Trump... he's a Republican now so his views have obviously changed
If I was an American I would vote for Trump. He says it as it is. The media try to make him out to be a bad guy, all the more reason to vote him in.
The documentary " You've Been Trumped " - not fully available on youtube but available as a torrent on piratebay and kickass torrents - shows a VERY different side to donald trump than this hallmark channel oprah winfrey bullshit
So many of these videos have good content, but the host just wants to hear themselves talk. Less talk more content.
silly honkey nice try trump won't win
You can go back and cherry pick clips of Donald Trump that show him in a positive light, but what is most important is what he is saying now!
At 2:58 he says "... somebody with no great brain but a big smile". I think he just described himself haha.
Shallow monied A-Hole then, even shallower morally bankrupt monied A-Hole now.
your voice gives me anxiety.. I'm sorry
TRUMP2016
The like-dislike ratio on this video is pleasing 😌
It's a tie xD 10k Dislikes 10k Likes xD
IT's ThE SHAAme gUy fOLKS

4:28
for you inbred morons if you're against tyranny. have you know that this show has been brought to you by the government Network. have to use the right bait to catch the right fish
This video will Not get Donald T. elected.
He and hillary change there minds to make people like em! Bernie believing the same thing all the way.
Trump 2016
What a joke!!!! How can anyone vote for Trump!!!  Dump Trump!!!!
Trump for pres make America great again
does this fucking invalid know that people sometimes change over a period of time and get more stubborn as they get older. Some people are very intelligent at an old age but Donald Trump seems to be getting dumber and is making no sense at all. Why not just elect Hilary Clinton. A lot of Americans hate her but the whole world hates Donald Trump even more. More terrorist cells will emerge from muslims because of what he is saying abut them. Im 100% sure that the majority of Leaders around the world will have a problem with Trump and probably cut peace treaties with America and wage war. This will also be a good time for North Korea to strike if Donald Trump gets elected and the majority of countries are at war with him
All you Trump nuts are going to be so upset when he loses by land slide to Hillary.
this is all bs... he's all washed up.
Trump is an egomaniac and too crazy for public office which I didn't think was possible until him.
It's hilarious seeing all the democratic sheep on here whining! Best laugh I've had all day!
The only reason I would vote for Trump is the fact that I don't really like him, but he's better than the others. Hillary is unspeakable, and I hate the idea of free education. Taxes would soar and no one would work for college, everyone would just ride through the government and other people's tax money. Free education would also screw over any person that actually puts effort into their education.
The problem I have with this video, music aside,  is that he is saying a good message, but its an easy message. Anyone can say "Things would be different, they would be better if I was president". I want to hear soecifically What they would do. And constantly saying, "I don't know if anyone would vote for me" is a n obvious play to seem humble, like when someone keeps saying they don't think they're pretty. "We all think you would be great" the audidence thinks. "He's so humble, he doesn't want the job". He is a business man, he knows what sells. People want something to follow, its easier when the world Appears simple, but we have to remember that it is not. There is no clear answer, that's why Trump keeps sauing that it will be better, not how, because the how could be very complicated, or even impossible, and his definition of who it will be better for can be different from everyone else's. Just remember there is no simple answer if who would be the best president, but in the end it may not even matter.
dude the guy in the beginning sounds like a frog
he's a racist, his heart is not right
"This country would make one hell of a lotta money from those people that have taken advantage"
Proceeds to take advantage of everyone who works for him
But This video doesn't justify his behavior. This video doesn't make me say "Oh, well if that was him 30 years ago then who cares what he says or does now let's put him in office". if anything this shows a sad story of a man who might've began with a good hearts intent, but along the way became confused mean hearted racist and clearly doesn't take this election seriously.
if trump had put his inheritance money in a bank and taken all of the intrest from the savings he would be richer than he is now. Some people are born into success and some people make it.trump was born into success and unfortunately for him you have to become successful as a president you cant be born successful as a president.if he does become president I know he'll be found out soon for the load of shit he talks
Otto Bismark won his place as a prime minister after long years of lying to the public that he is all against war and terror. After he got to the position, he completely changed his philosophy and started war. If this video has convinced someone that Trump is good for real - Inform yourself a little bit more, think, look for information.
there is something terribly wrong with this portrait of an asshole racist and bully prick
I had this video on Twitter 😂like this ain't no new video
like he's gonna change anything? don't make me laugh. I hope hard working people start growing a brain and start lynching these fucking society leechers.
donald trump is way more hated than anybody thinks , he has offended many many people and they will never like him
God Alex Voice sounds like cancer
Trump 2016
Poor America, really, having to deal with this guy (same goes for the host of this 'show'). We are lucky to have Trudeau here in Canada.
This guy probably never met Trump in his life but he knows for sure Trump is the same guy since 30 years ago?? This is what idiots listen to?
Straight outta options
InfoWars must be getting by Donald Trump to convince stupid people.   Donald Trump  will do anything to become a president even to badmouth other candidates.   so low class.
Funny thing is that I'm gonna' watch this shit again in November 9 2016 and going to laugh my ass off.
this video will not get Donald trump elected even if it goes viral, lol.  this guy is pandering to the same idiots trump is.
alex you get rkd by secular talk so badly, i first thought you are one of the ''good'' people, now we all know, you got bought, you are a snake and i would never turn my back to you, nobody can or should trust you alex and my comment is not based on this video.
It's funny how when Donald T says something racist or inappropriate his apologists  will try to translate what 'he really means' or 'how he really feels'. The idea of a man/woman that is not tainted by any special interest is appealing even to me but this con man is the wrong person to represent that ideal.
this country is not a business it's our home. what is best for the future not someone's pockets. I don't like either one. They are only in it for themselves.
over time people can change their opinions
Why so many dislikes
you really think trump is a nice guy? then you havnt heard of what he has been doing in scotland, and ireland with his golf courses....here is an award winning doc that shows his true colours....from 2011, http://www.primewire.ag/watch-2735668-Youve-Been-Trumped-online-free
Now I'm not voting for anyone but it's a Shame to see everyone go against each other racist does not matter Calling someone an illegal is uncalled for because in the ended were all illegals and came from somewhere else
people change there opinion when they get older... for exemple,i hated niggaz when i was 15, now im almost 30 and i dont hate them that much
Propaganda
The host voice sounds like it hurts to talk
"we're making other people live like kings and we're not" - erm.. who is he referring to here? america's government's foreign policy has consistently involved exploiting and pillaging pretty much everyone.. meanwhile he literally DOES live like a king! backwards rhetoric 101.
Nobody for President ! Think for yourself !
So Basically Trump is saying Regan and Bush 1 was a complete failure....
You know who else was a patriot? Nicolae Ceaușescu, Search him up to find out what happened when Romania elected this "patriot".
Trump only does what benefits Trump, if it appears to benefit someone else it's just happenstance.  Trump criticized companies for threatening to move operations overseas by yet his ties are made in China.  Trump banned The Washington Post from his events simply because he didn't get the sort of coverage he wanted.  He also rewards reporters if they give him good press.
Somehow people think that since Trump has a lot of money he will be a benefit to America because he'll show others how to become wealthy (Being wealthy is of major importance to a lot of people).  That worked out so well for all those that attended Trump University!
Trump is a Fascist.  Naysayers are just too stupid to realize any better.  Trump has the majority of the stupid in America at the moment and the really sad part is they are a huge part of the United States.  
Trump will repress freedoms.  Trump wants a ban on all Muslims and has limited certain press among other things.  
Trump is a lot like Kim Jong-un and Putin with the major difference coming in his locale.  Trump will be repressive and will be as much of a tyrant as he can get away with.  
Most Germans loved Hitler and didn't really realize how bad he was until it was too late.  You figure people would learn from the mistakes of the past, but the simple reality is people don't know or even worse don't care.  There are even some that want Trump because they want World War III.  Not sure how they think it would benefit  America.  Even if America emerged victorious it would be very hard to imagine the US being better off than before.  If such a thing as the Antichrist exists, it surely must be Trump.  The only reason people don't think Trump is that bad is because he hasn't seized power yet and been able to implement the changes he wants.
So Trump didn't know anything about trade then or now. The United States has invested in its own security through NATO. But we haven't been "ripped off," and he could end trade or NATO tomorrow and it won't improve the level of factory jobs in the US.
is this some kind of redneck news?
He can't run his inherited company properly, how do you expect him to run a fucking country?
What a sad video, and I'm not talking about that very very touching piano music playing in the back... but seriously, when are these people finally going to get that 
we're facing a systemic problem : The greatest purveyor of violence, war, crime, poverty, animal abuse and inhumanity, the greatest destroyer of ecology, the greatest source of waste, depletion and pollution. The greatest generator of social and personal neurosis, mental disorders, depression, anxiety, etc, etc
is not just some corrupt government.. or some legislation. Not some rogue corporation or banking cartel (expect them), not some flaw of "human nature," and not some big secret hidden cabal that controls the world. It is, in fact: The socioeconomic system. At its very foundation: profit, exploitation and dominance.

And when unjust social structures/systems prevent people from achieving good health and from achieving good lives - This is structural violence in action. 

The global monetary system is a failure, as any shitty economy that produces rich and poor. 
The redesign of our socioeconomic structure will be inevitable
The current system creates artificial SCARCITY > Breeds competition, immorality, conflict, problem creation for the sake of profit, and much suffering. 

Education starts when we stop taking this old shitty unsustainable system for granted...

Capitalism’s grow-or-die imperative stands radically at odds with ecology’s imperative of interdependence and limit? The two imperatives can no longer coexist with each other; nor can any society founded on the myth that they can be reconciled hope to survive.
Either we will establish an ecological society or society will go under for everyone, irrespective of his or her status.

We have essentially chosen cancer as the model of our social system.
All we have, we have taken from the earth, and taking with ever-increasing speed and greed, we now return little but what is sterile or poisoned. Yet we can’t stop the process. A capitalist economy, by definition, lives by growth. 
This planet cannot sustain this primitive $ystem. The clock is ticking.. Educate yourself.
HE TALKS A LOT OF SHIT
Block this shit channel.
Alex do you see the comments, most think differently from you!
Info wars is probably sponsored by trump
and he will rise from the sea and he will be very smart to fool even the very elect ....
It's funny how people will be violent and aggressive against trump fans , destroying trump signs and verbally abusing them or labelling them. You can't berate people based on their own political opinions just because they don't agree with your own! and the anti trump fans' behaviour is embarasing for people who claim to take the moral high ground...
good better not be President... fukn 2 face fuker😠
hate the announcers voice so damn much
Info wars is probably sponsored by trump
Controlled opposite show about controlled candidate, tick tock, time is up.
he's never been in Toulouse in his life
his heart isn't right, the man is a bigot
And someone has a 70% disapproval rating ;)
If there was any truth to this video, he wouldn't be running on the Republican ticket. He'd do it on his own.
You thought George W Bush was a joke. If this guy becomes president, we're fucked for good.
ya me mojé todaaa
Trump is not a conservative. Face facts man.
He has Narcissistic Personality Disorder, but okay. Not that Hilary Clinton is any better, being a sociopath herself. Some great choices America has.
In summary, he likes where he lives and doesn't see himself as president. Fortunately, the majority of Americans don't see him as president either.

There are some great moment in this in video. Why are you republican?... "I don't know."
Absolutely rubbish! This video is just a waste of time..
At least you could have pretended not to be such a huge supporter of Donald Trump...
"The truth is his Dad was blue collar"... 

Wasn't his dad a real estate developer with a net worth of over $300m?
Lol. What a load of bollocks.
Why doesn't Trump know why he's a Republican? He can't use the Republican system for Democrat relations can he? Q&A(Anyone )
He's not anti NWO. You can't be anti NWO and even get famous, esp to go so far as to get to run for president lmao. And he's buds with that pedophile Epstein too, right?

Trump is merely spouting a bunch of nice sounding rhetoric which sounds good to anyone, whoever you are. It's politico-speak. Tickling the ears of the masses and making sure he repeats his message verbatim to get it set in stone.

Hilary IS a jack-o-lantern-corpse! NO DOUBT! ROFL!
So you hate a true patriot of your country when you can't find any other that you'd run for preaident
DAMN!!! I can't stand that voice, makes my ears hurt!
we go back to the time trump didn't look like a hairy ass
Nope. What he may have said in the past does not have anything to do with what he thinks now. We all change.
him then and him now are not the same person.. people change... remember the only permanent thing is change..  either you change for the better or like in trumps case, change for the worse... all you need is to compare his old interviews from his latests..  as a young man im convinced that he has a heart but now all i see is a man with goals...
A lot of trumps views are skewed, but we do need someone to bring our country out of debt and who can do that better than a successful business man?
I just wasted my life watching this
Amazingly new york natives don't support trump, because they know the true trump. Most people see the apprentice trump. To be honest i respect the guy more than Hillary because the dude may be hiding something but most of his shit is honest. Either way america is screwed.
Trump rolled into my city and fucked a bunch of folk over with heavy handed, bully tactics. He is NOT a good person.
Don't really matter what he says, this guy is the next Hitler.
It's funny to come on here & see all of the foreigners & illegals crying & whining about how "racist" Trump is but, don't think for a second that you're changing ANYONES mind. We KNOW why YOU'RE HERE because, you are the REAL RACISTS! You don't like WHITE PEOPLE & you muslims & mexicans are SCARED! Rightfully so. You SHOULD BE SCARED because WE have had enough of you freeloading foreigners. We're putting an end to it & you're terrified (and really, really dumb!🖕)😀😃😅✌
Your voice irritates me
dumb ass music
2:19 - 2:35 - this is the first clip in the Trump video. How can anyone read so deep into something like this? he's not saying anything! and this is what Trump does all the time that has half of the USA so excited. He just says something so broad like the quote here, and then people can make their own interpretations of what could fit... "hes talking about our broken political system!" "thats a man I would vote for, because he's not the same as a corrupt politician, hes a regular guy who cares for the well being of his country just like me!" - I mean its so asinine. It makes me feel discouraged to live in a country where sensationalized media like this sway people so easily.
Vote for Spiderman 2016!
trump isn't the same anymore. he just more racist. he seemed humble back then.
#trumpaalltheway# we need patriotism back in the USA , and flush the illegal , and sand rats down the toilet  🚽...
This is awesome stuff how about you get the girl that Hillary said lied about being raped when she was 12 on there. That would get an upvote many times over.
I think this is secretly Donald Trump talking on this show. Proof you ask?

1. His voice sounds like donald trump hiding his voice

2. Look at his hand movements. yes that's right, exactly like trumps.

3. he has the best words, much like trump.

4. come on, look at that mask, unconvincing much

coincidences? i think not. WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Please he is an ass and always was. Trying so hard to make him look good is pathetic alex. Dont believe a word he says. He just lives off the hate of others.
As a kid I looked up to everything American. It's sad America is plagued by the sick people who really control things. I love people of all nations but it disappoints me to see most Americans asleep to what's really happening as long as they receive their 'bread & circus'
Foreign 3rd world garbage do nothing but terrorize you but you don't want trump to keep that garbage in their own. Countries? You people watch to much tv you need to understand reality
Poor world if an Uncle Donald Duck Trump moves from a position of dominion for private profiteering purposes to a position of global dominion maintaining his empire, but adding up the executive power of making laws in his favor and against everyone! Yes bellicose power of the USA is undisputed, but are you really going to go against the rest of the world!? USA get the bloody wax out of your ears! Trump buys one's success off for one's benefit, not for the US citizens... not the majority of them D'you want to keep going backward? Dropping an atomic bomb on Japanese civilians wasn't enough. You keep promoting sick & absurd "leaders"!? Bush first and now Trump? who else? The US-reincarnation of Hitler? Come on... USA has to learn managing better one's OWN resources without parasitism towards the rest of the world! Get some bloody sense of responsibility you bloody suckers! Taking advantage of the US!? ...or vice-versa? wars from the USA to resource-full territories for control of resources? Evolve from that backward state USA! Can you imagine adding "Uncle Donald Duck Trump" to a list including JFJ Kennedy, A Lincoln, F. D. Roosevelt...? what a disgrace!? It shows very much the "Decay of the West" and would make those (above) true leaders roll in their graves! Let's vote Sanders.
Dude this guy needs to stop smoking 20 cigarettes per hour
all the candiates sucks...you should know presidents are selected never elected.
I think this guy converted his mothers basement into this knockoff newsroom.
it's funny how stupid and flawed you think the "NWO" is.  Don't you idiots realize Donald Trump is just another piece to their complex plot.  They're more influential than you think.
cant take this dude seriously anymore
Pretty sure that this info wars person is just donald trump in costume
Yes.  He's an absolute bigot.  His heart is right.  /s
americans pmsl idiots most of them pmsl
He sounds like he smokes 20 packs a day
he has many business gone bankrupt. no thank you.
this guy is the definition of 'stupid americans'
keep voting republican  and you will always be ripped 
OFF..     Professional Victims.........
Now...i am not a citizen of USA but i do have a question about your country.  Over tha past ~30 years he's been saying "i don't like what is happening with this country" and it's the leitmotif of most of his interviews when it comes to politics or civil service. So, can someone explain to me, any US citizen; What is actually happening with your country?
well if it will get him to be president if its viral we need to make sure it doesnt go viral
When YouTube channels think they are a TV Channel...
oh god
"people living like kings and WE are not"
he just started his campain earlier
I can't believe I'm hearing this from Alex. Wow. He is supporting this racist son of Hitler.
If Trump wasn't a racist he'd be a great president
OH WOW a new Adolf Hitler <3 no wonder god isn't real, we're not worthy, we haven't evolved, we never learn, we're still neanderthals..
So the point of this is to show people how he DEFINITELY should be elected because when he didnt have saggy balls and wasn't a bitter old man he said he wouldn't want to run for president?
That's like someone being given a shitload of money for saying they don't want to be rich.
Potato logic.
This host is a floppy cock
He has to like 'regular folk' - they're the ones who enriched him wasting their money at his casinos. This guy is delusional - everyone is ripping the US off. Yet the US is the big beneficiary of the world system as constucted post WWII. I guess if you're a ripoff you might think everyone is trying to rip you off in turn.
Trump is a misogynist. what will become of america if this guy wins. who will do the menial jobs no one else wants to do. its a sad day if this guys wins. mercy. # Trump is an idiot.
kill Trump like we kill pigs
bullshit
Lmao trying to put the sentimental music to make me feel bad for him. I don't know how brianwashed you redneck freaks are
Did he just compare Donald CHUMP to King David!?!?
He's still a little shit
wow Alex I thought you were smart enough to see through his evil ways. He will destroy America not make it great. We will have to wait in order to see that and I hope I'm wrong because there will be a race War.
This idiot believes everything is a conspiracy...a real nut job!
Sits like a boss THAT IS WHO I WANT/HAVE ALWAYS WANTED FOR US PRESIDENT REPRESENTING M13E5=18=6+6+6
Why couldn't an indie be elected?
How does this guy sleep at night Donald trump will be the worst thing to happen to America
only stupid americans would vote for a fucking maniac and rich people loll ..
I love the soothing piano music while he's talking. Makes you feel like he's as pure as a new snowfall. It just tugs at the heart strings. Soothing piano music with carefully hand picked short clips where he says things that are 100% meaningless -- of 0 substance (like a typical career politician). Fucking propaganda. Alex, I think you are the just on the other side of the same old shit covered coin.
you know, my favorite part of watching a 27 minute video is having it stopped every 30 seconds for some fat bastard to catch his breath
vote Jill Stein 2016!
Trump would make a good President.....along with " the check's in the mail" and " I'll respect you in the morning"...yeah-right
Party politics has never saved a race of people from genocide. This is all a distraction to keep the less gifted among us from rebelling in the streets openly. I don't even care if Trump really is a White Nationalist, he's not going to end White Genocide.
This video could have been condensed down to two minutes. What a waste of time.
Trump for pres
Alex's voice is so soothing
Believed*
He kept saying the U.S keeps getting screwed. Maybe he never lived in a 3rd or 2nd world country. There aren't many country's in the world that provides the kind of lifestyle we have in the U.S.  He was out of touch then and he's out of touch now.
Just another yappy moron in a blue suit.
This man sounds like he has a pig stuck in his throat. Yuck!
He's still a psychopath
All of his followers have always known this youre all idiots
from watching the video , you can see donald had a good heart , but the donal trump that  is here at this present time change. what i mean by change is that he became more aggressive , racist , he still have the principles  to make the country strong again but instead  of making us stronger together as one nation , what he is doing is dividing us to the point that we are fighting with one another, violence  increase and we are becoming weaker as a nation. People change let not forget about that back then i will probably vote  for him but now , he isnt the same person anymore.  If he wins I'm sure world war three will become reality.
What a load of stupidity!
"It's the same guy folks"  the same arrogant guy with no idea about what he is talking about.  That is fine for a celebrity but sorry he is too shallow to be POTUS.
lol this guy Alex.. Damn Trump bought you out too??? smh
Still not convinced.. better luck next time
Ugh, the piano music. So distracting.
can't hear Trump over fat guy that won't stop talking
Make this hashtag trend #ShillaryClinton
dude, seriously! after Orlando Florida. and being a Republican.... come on, there isn't a chance he'll win
Read his body language you can tell this guy is lying
He has contributed to globalism ...idiots
this guy is soo fucking stupid, its almost amazing
so what? he didn't want to be president does that make him a better president?  no?
might even be calculated action. it's the unrestricted economy that's destroying america, people like him win billions by exploiting the majority and you guys vote for him? the stupid always vote against their own good.  a woman voting a misogynist for president. an underpaid worker voting for ruthless business men. perfect.
baffles me that people would rather have a criminal in office over trump.
Never gone in to lose? What about the money he took from the students at Trump "university"? Oh, let's not forget all of the businesses he "owns" that are now in Chapter 11? He's a fraud and has no reason to be alive.
you are sick....
Unfortunately, that isn't how people get elected. Well, fortunately really, because if sensationalism got people elected, Trump would be president.
America is being screwed over? Ha ha. Stupid thick shit. America has screwed the world and now other countries are taking over. You've had your day, get used to it
10:12 - Dude runs like a becky...😂
Vote Trump! Build that wall all the way round, put a roof on it. Keep America safe. Keep America secure. Keep those bad guys outside the door.
Alex is sucking on is own dick
What are you (USA) doing to make other live like kings while your not? That was the worst formulated stating on the whole youtube. You make hell whereever you go, you have ruined Europe just like you ruined your own country. Theres no kings, just a handfull of parasites ruling you all. Terror, pain and misery is what you make to others, not kings.
I don't like Trump but between Trump and Hillary it has to be Trump all the way
THIS COMMENTATOR IS TOTAL IDIOT !
WTF Alex? I find it hard to believe that Trump has a "good heart", considering all the violent, racist rhetoric he spews. You lost me with this.
Nope. This doesn't make me want to vote for him.
that was just Donald back then things have changed more over the years and ever since Donald was a running for president he grew more evil I just wish he was more innocent now He is treating every race unfairly he is also just in it for the money too
Donald trump is hitlers wet dream of reincarnation, blond hair, blue eyes and a delusional bigot much hitler with similar policies, Hillary Clinton is a psycho bitch, Bernie Sanders is the man for the job but the world isn't an ideal world :/
ALOT OF CHAT BUT NOT SAYING ANYTHING!!!
Trump!
You are a fool if you believe that racist is going to be president.
HE sounds smart in that Oprah Winfrey show, talks smart. Who the hell knows what he's thinking
id rather have trump be president than hilary clinton
Buddy you lost me on "Trump's heart is good".
I love watching videos where lunatics claim other people are crazy, while supporting a fellow lunatic. I know of a couple douche sockets that need to stroke out.
he lost me at "they all agree" americans do NOT all agree, thats why there is a two party system. trump reminds me of the queen of hearts from alice in wonderland.  trump is a media whore, and has anger issues. i fear the THOUGHT of him in the room with the button for nukes at his disposal. it is disgraceful to insinuate true patriots support trump, because then the opposite is if you disagree with trump, you are not a patriot.
You're a dickhead mate!
yet you haters voted for Obama twice
Donald Trump = Greg Stilson
small loan of a million dollars
if this guy is defending Trump or somehow suggesting that he won't completely DESTROY what's left of America, how does someone with such a low IQ even make coherent sentences, let alone a youtube show? no worries, he'll probably get hit by a bus soon
If you want that video go viral so badly because it´s so important, you should put it on youtube.
Not even a direct link to it?
Are you kidding?
Making other people live like kings? America is richest country in the world isnt it?
somehow reminds me of   ......  FUCKING HITLER
What the hell is wrong with you!!!
No.

Everything about this video, from the fat egg-headed host's Emperor Palpatine voice, all the way to the Donald Trump apologia... just no!
Dumb ass
Info Wars sinks to a new low.
Lmao, then Donald Trump makes headlines with what he statement about the Orlando shooting.
I don't get this clip, so once he seemed to be a much nicer person, maybe yes. but the fact is he is NOW a raving loony who has disturbing views.
IF Trump became President, I honestly don't believe he would implicate the policies that he wants e.g the wall. He's used those tactics to get  simple minded loons to vote for him. Hilary on the other hand, meh.     From a brit.
I do belive Trump will win. But i do not think Obama will leave office. If he gets elected because Trump will investigate him on the Birth Certificate.
lol this guy sounds like he wants to suck trumps dick
you should really stop the dick sucking.look what it has done to your voice
only because he has the same views, the same opinions and didnt change them after 30 years hasnt got the right to kill whole families
The end is coming for you all leftard faggots! Trump will imprison you all marxist traitors of humanity! You will be fistfucked into a deathcamp forever where there won't be any fake human rights frauds to hide behind to destroy the world! 
WHITE COUNTRIES INTO WHITE HANDS!
Pretty much proving he is in it for the money and nothing else. He will drag America down even further and I'm glad I don't live there. Good luck 'murica.
Great! Germany needs a person with common sense like him. Greetings from Europe!
hysteria and daily mass shootings on every corner, this is Trumps vision for the America.........America F*** Yeah
great job with the music, i cant stop crying out emotionally
Well your political system is flawed you can win the election with only 22-23 percent of the votes.. And must say that non of your candidates are good
This is really confusing, who can help me understand?

You're presenting 2 qualities as powerful reasons to elect him, that sound like making a strong case for the opposite to me.

1. When I consider hiring someone, the single most important factor is how much the person really wants to do the job that needs done. Being president of the USofA seems to be about the most grueling and in many ways unrewarding job possible - so how exactly is not wanting to do that job a powerful reason to elect Drumpf?

2. My second key criteria for hiring is a track record of follow-through, of doing what one says. So how is it a powerful reason to elect Drumpf, that he's been talking about something for almost 40 years, yet - if I'm not all mistaken - consistently doing the opposite, or at least not what he's talking about doing? (regarding the powers that be).

Please help me understand?

And if you combine this with his obsession for winning, how could he satisfy that need as a president? Realistically, I could only imagine this by him waging even more war, and like he suggested, taking out the families of "the enemy", because that's what it takes and winners do what it takes (sarcasm).

Don't get me wrong, I'd throw up if Hillary gets elected, but this guy?!
please dont vote for donald trump
"others live like kings were not" ru fukin kiddin me?   We are the defacto richest nation on the planet.
This guy sounds like a Hornet flying past your ears
The same boisterous guy for 30 long years without change, proud, boasting and stupid guy.
Donald is a proud, boasting and crazy guy.
How are we letting other people live like kings? Last time I checked, America was one of the richest nations in the world.
I can hear trump unzipping his pants for the line of bs artists like yourself, sir.
1 billion levels of wrong.
he sure had it right then "were getting ripped off' perfect! he knows then and it's happening NOW!
He's only a puppet just like Hilary and the rest of them.
Do news channels on tv actually like Hillary? How? She's an idiot. How does she think she can be president with her lying skills?
Wow so AJ is completely insane , and a sellout schill . Scary part is I'm not sure between Hilary and Trump whos more destructive .
I'm glad I don't live in a country where people would actually vote for a fuckboy like trump
7 million fewer voters
Trump has no substance.  Securing the border, attacking ISIS, and ensuring equal trade are all things that I want but he has no plan on how to do any of it.  

Hillary has plans for her ideas but she's a cheap whore that will do the bidding of anyone that donates to the Clinton foundation.  She will also ruin the lives of anyone that may interfere with her political aspirations.  Just ask all the women that she threatened and silenced back in the 90's.
Trump has no substance.  Securing the border, attacking ISIS, and ensuring equal trade are all things that I want but he has no plan on how to do any of it.  

Hillary has plans for her ideas but she's a cheap whore that will do the bidding of anyone that donates to the Clinton foundation.  She will also ruin the lives of anyone that may interfere with her political aspirations.  Just ask all the women that she threatened and silenced back in the 90's.
puro mexico! lol @ trump
Can a news station get more conservative than fox you ask? Look no further.
the music you have inserted in the video at interviews start makes me not to believe this video at all
Wait.mthis guy talks for a living? Oh my! I couldn't listen to that grating gravel box one more second.
"We should be living like Kings and we are not". People aren't living like Kings in America? We have the most Billionaires per capita of any country in the world. And according to Statistica, "With 15.7 million of them, the U.S. is home to 46 percent of the global millionaire population."  If other countries are "ripping us off", this doesn't jibe. This is a delusion. What Trump wants is for the U.S. to dominate economically by using its vast political powers. The fact that he has held this delusion for such a long time is very scary. It's characterological in nature.
Bernie Sanders has a video that goes back just as long and is a 1000 times more poignant and passionate than repeating America is getting ripped off.
If Donald Trump acted now as respectable as he did he those clips he would have a lot more support.  He would get his message across much better also.
everyone is a part time politician
i cant recognize the host when he is not yelling at english people aboyt 1776... :)
the first quote by Trump is almost prophetic in this age of pussies and sjw
Make america great again :D sounds good but how? Trump has no idea... changed his mind too many times, his campaign should be over by now honestly...
Damn the propaganda music....'Here's how we want you to feel.'...Damn the propaganda music.
What's up with the music?  Sounds like a commercial trying to get me to send money to starving kids in Africa
believED
This dude and Trump are jokes
God you're a looser.
Reported for hateful content. Sorry, trump = hateful human being.
Trump as president would be even more ridiculous than that retarded cowboy, George dubya Bush.
He needs to sort out his eyebrows.
everybody is afraid.
he sure is cute, isn't he?😘
Lol....this is hilarious.
Everyone hates trump because hes racist but he even said hes tired of treating everyone else like kings and not ourselves. We came to America to start a new beginning and better ourselves not everyone else...
obscure thought but what if trump is smarter than we think? what if there's people there to make sure others don't win elections and shut them down like burnie, what if trump is just playing a show to get elected and start rebuilding America on the very foundation it was promised to be brought up from
wtf is this channel about andy why does it have 1,5m subscribers?
you're an idiot
Nothing like unbiased reporting.
The background mood music and editing help a lot...
this most have bin the worst video I have ever seen
Young Donald J. Looks like a depressed potato with no seasoning.
You make Donald Trump out as a saviour. 

Pathetic.
This is such BS. You can make a compilation of Donald Trump saying anything over the last 30 years. Why, because he has taken both sides of every issue consistently. This just shows he was a politician his whole life. like every other politician all he does is sell lies and himself. He got an earlier start than most. show the clip of him saying he pro choice. Than the clip when he says women should be punished    .
The amount of people that choose to vote for the 'lesser evil candidate' are too damn high! What ever happened to blank voting or voting for the person you truly believe in? Just because someone has a smaller chance of winning doesn't make it a wrongful vote.  

Americans truly live up to their stereotype.
Well I can tell you one thing, Trump WILL get elected, wanna know why? Because on the Simpsons there's a picture showing Donald Trump waving to a crowd of people, and next to him is a sign that says (something to the effect of) "Paid" and we all know that Matt Groening is a 33rd degree Freemason, and Freemasons basically control the world through their connections and knowledge. It's no wonder that The Simpsons is the longest running TV show in U.S History. They create self fulfilling prophecies, by creating a message and broadcasting it to millions of people. Just like with 9/11, and many other episodes they have created.
I don't think InfoWars understand that people can claim to be doing something when they're actually not?
Racism is not a sign of good character..
There's a reason nobody is sure what the core values of The Donald or Hillary are. Both have flip-flopped on so many issues...
This guy is a mess.
I wish youtube had a category named "Pointless!!"
shut up you idiot let a fanatical crazy man run your country if you want, good luck by the way 👍
such an ass kisser
He maybe good back then but now he a twat
Yeah, yeah, and he says good words and have friendship with Putin who is fucking devil and world woud be much more better without him...  END OF STORY
Yeah, yeah, and he says good words and have friendship with Putin who is fucking devil and world woud be much more better without him...  END OF STORY
it's so obvious when someone is being paid to say something lol
Donald Trump knew how to talk at one point in his life.. What happened? He's a god damn bumbling buffoon now
Trump 2016
trump changed for the worse. This is crap
He likes women? Thats why he violently raped his ex wife
You're backing Trump!?????!?!??!!? WTF - I'm sorry, you have just lost all my respect.
just one problem, y'see this is what Trump believed THIRTY YEARS AGO so are people allowed to y'know grow, develop[ and change their fuckin minds?
No one can give an example of Trump being racist simply because  . . . . . . .  he is not!!
I don't take him for dishonest, he seems to have live his life being honest to a fault. This was a pretty good video with some interesting points, even if it's ultimately a choice between a giant douche and a turd sandwich.
really wish we had more options to choose from than just getting 2 of the worst candidates to choose from
"His heart is right"....Yes sir indeed, Trump brings the Best out of people. What's next? Trump is our Light and Savior? Awesome!  If you wanna judge trump, do so by judging his followers! ooooh they are a lovely bunch of beautiful people <3
Fat retarded nutcase backs fat retarded nutcase. What a shock.
Bullshit
Trump for President. Our only hope!
Americans, you don't have choice. For Clinton or Trump, Washington war selling and fear monger are the major thing; winning or losing, you have to pay them, those insiders establishment. Middle class, you don't have a chance defending your world, not even on the Internet. Nobody dares to campaign for opening up real investigations about the 9/11. That's why they know you are still just as foolish as the last generation.
Sheeps ? ... how about you don't vote ? how about you start trying to understand who rules this world ?
Donald Trump inherited his money.  He didn't work for it like he's trying to convince every US citizen. And from the stats, he's barely increased his net worth since he took over his Dad's business in 1971.  He is not a self made man as he proclaims to be.  Also in the few snippets this video shows, he keeps complaining that America is getting ripped off, but he doesn't specify by whom.  Who has been ripping off America?  I know who - people like him.  I don't think any candidate running for President in 2016 is up to the job.  The only difference with Trump is that he uses different rhetoric to Hilary.  This repetition "I tell it like it is" is nonsense.  What has he told you?  That Mexicans are all criminals (they're not), that he respects women (Esquire interview quoted him in 1991 as saying "You know, it doesn’t really matter what [the media] write as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass"), that he's not a corrupt politician (Trump worked with companies controlled by the Mafia on properties in New York & Atlantic City including Trump Tower and Trump Plaza. He claims he didn't know the companies were Mafia controlled which either makes him a) a liar or b) incompetent - 2 traits you want in a President naturally)   He hasn't told anyone about how it really is.  He tells people what they think want to hear...just like any other crude and corrupt  politician looking for votes. I don't think Hilary is the best choice in this election, but she is the better choice - the best of a bad bunch (which says more about the terrible state of global politics than anything else could).  Don't be under any illusion America: Trump is only in it for himself.  He doesn't care about you or your family.  He cares about one person: Donald J Trump.  He's right about one thing; no one is better than building walls than Donald Trump...Walls that are barriers to cooperation, mutual understanding and social development.  By all means vote for this man.  Just don't be surprised if your country is in a worse state in 4 years.  I think you can do better than Trump (and probably Hilary) and in 4 years time I hope you have someone who fits the ideology of an equal and progressive America, and is willing to take every risk in the book to achieve that.  I understand a lot of your anger with the liberal administration', but don't let that anger and fear force you into making a decision you will later regret.  For now all I can say is that videos like this just serve to propagate the same tired negative campaigning politics rife around the world.  As an observer of global politics; It's depressing.
Sources: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/02/29/the-myth-and-the-reality-of-donald-trumps-business-empire/
https://www.quora.com/Did-Donald-Trump-inherit-a-lot-of-money-and-then-increase-his-net-worth-at-an-unremarkable-rate
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/18-real-things-donald-trump-has-said-about-women_us_55d356a8e4b07addcb442023
http://www.marieclaire.co.uk/blogs/550112/donald-trump-quotes.html
Hahaha, so glad I don't live in the USA. This video is pathetic and anybody who's swayed by 2 minute clip repeated, with wanky melt music needs
Trump is a much better choice than Hilary TBH ☻
Like King David did .. .lol
I always believed that things are fundamentally wrong with the way things are going.  I wouldn't say I would run for president but if I did I would win.  People are tired of the things we always talk about everyday in the news.  I have done things, and I would totally do things, and when, I mean if, I run for president I will do things that make us stronger and even if I want to run things I am rich already and I can win because winners do that. But I am around etc people and taxi's are a thing I ride in sometimes and I understand people and I only eat caviar because I had to, it was like vegetables.  And one time I remember I thought, "why don't I say something because I can say things that I think and i'm like whoa, but then people say these things but I am and will keep saying but I hate that part too and..."-Trump, make America White Again but not racist but because I love the mexico's and the friends of Russia and I don't remember what was before so I am totally with whatever makes the wall money 2016.
what, people cant change the believes! lol foh
the music LOL so tragic
alex is part of their game as well
lots of black and brown here plus lesbians dissing on trump. He is a racist blaa blaa blaahhhh....He is just tired of that america ( founded by hard working white people who built it from scratch)  turning into third world shit hole of a country these black and brown originate from...Hitler was right,  if given the chance, lower races will always bring higher races on to  their level.
no surprise Alex loves Trump. Calling Bernie a corpse isn't funny.
This is the dramaalert equivalent of politics, oh wait thats fox news.
Great video, but what the hell is wrong with the description? There are 50 different links and 10 of them are infowars. Not one of those links sends you to the video on their website
Im Swedish and i live in Sweden.. and i sure hope that Donald Trump will be the next President of Usa.
Even if Trump has a right mind to make america a greater country; his way of implementing his ideas isn't correct.
June 2016 - Gold and Silver are going to go up because of the scariness of Donald Trump  becoming President. Fox News says that 10 trillion will be added to the National Debt if he gets in. YES FOX NEWS! - The USA needs trade to keep products being exported. Do you really think all the other countries will buy our stuff if Trump gets in. 1 Example. Take 3 million jobs from China and bring them back here. ( Including the factory that makes Trump shirts! )  Then ask China to buy our stuff. Lets see how that goes. Trump doesn't care about our economy etc. The slow pace of Congress would drive him nuts. When Congress doesn't let him act like a Dictator , he will then have his excuse why the market went down and the debt went up. He loved the Clinton Years ( made money ) and the Obama years have made him rich also ( like the other 1% since the 08 crash.) Now that he is a R. , the lies are coming out.
Trump > Hillary. Why? Because Trump is not afraid to speak his mind and tell the truth as it is. He says what he thinks, and does what he says. He has a backbone and sticks to his value no matter what. Whereas Hillary is exactly the opposite.
what an ass!
If trump makes it as president, Kanye has a chance. This is a sad truth.
He used to speak better English though 😁😁😁 being the same jerk all through !
So what? He said he didnt want to be president and he want the country to be rich again. He is still anti muslim and anti mexican and has stupid ideas. but maybe this video is just bad and the whole video of trumps old interviews is better
this deserves more dislikes
I'm from Germany and people especially from the US asked me how someone like Hitler could win an election.... i tell them to switch their TVs on and see what happens in the US at the moment... this is how
#Fuckdonaldtrump
#Fuckdonaldtrump
Serious retardation.
this video is pure brainwash material, its a mind game, play a nice dramatic piano solo and all of a sudden he's an angel, i believe hilary would be worse considering shes involved in crimes and her influence comes from her husband but portraying him like this is shitty, it doesnt take away from the things he has said.
No link in the description??? Give credit were its due.
like really but what is wrong with the world if there exist people like trump ?
when they ask donald trump if he has gone bankrupt he says no why would we need a very negative person being president hes just dumb hes done so many dumb things in the past there is a whole lot of top 10 dumb things trump has said
his dad wasnt blue collar... like at all... his dad was a fucking multimilllioner way back when... trump himself has said that his dad gave him his first million... and dont get me wrong aint nothing bad about it, but DONT LIE...
yall so closed minded LOL
the desire to do the best for your country isn't something special actually,  it's everybody's wish , and it doesn't give you the right to ban people or to accuse others and lot more of greatly twisted thoughts and sayings.
It's intolerance and ignorance and spreads vilance and terrorism.
donald trump is really just a joke im not sure how peaple can vote for a racist orange man that has gone bankrupt 4 times
everyone just needs to chill. no one is gonna die. it's just an election. and btw I want trump to be elected but I'm chill about it
Hillary will win because she's absorb most of Bernie's votes.
A man who can't spend his daddys money correctly shouldn't be in charge of ours
that video must not go viral otherwise the world is a cruel world
this guys voice sounds he sucked on hot lava
trump is better than Hillary but bernie is even better
Shove it..............................DUMP TRUMP...................HILLARY 2016
this video shows nothing but empathy for this fool. this video shows nothing to prove why he should be president and covers no real issues he would fix except making himself king, which he will never be. TRUMP IS AN ASSHOLE!
Why can't the Americans see Hilary Clinton's blood stained hands on Benghazi, Libya. And so many atrocities of her past. If she gets elected then we can all expect ww3 for sure.
hahahah no it wont, your just in denial that trump is loosing and is such a dumbass, you ignorant. You are a fucking looser and a very dumb, hes not what he used to be, and he's allways been a racist bigget.
Why did it take so long for American tailoring to catch up to Britain?
what's up with the fucking music?
I love President Trump
This guy is working for the government
Eight thousand liberal dislikes
Vote for Trump He is Self-funded XD http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-03-22/trump-gets-1-million-tv-boost-from-super-pac
This guy get stiff about Donald trump
that was Donald 30 years ago but now. ....
What's with the stupid sympathetically emotional background music???? Ridiculous.
that is very annoying voice.
I think I'll vote for Trump after watching this video... Lmfao!!!!! Haha!! Yea right! I'm too educated to fall for his crap! Good luck Trumpers!
(Reverse Opposition) The power of media.
You are just plain wrong Alex. Both Hilary and Trump are terrible candidates. We are looking at your country imploding right now. The only option that will actually make a good difference is Bernie - you are all to terrified and blind to see it. So, this is the end of the great superpower.
30 years ago and this bag of useless crap was already so insecure as to do the blow over hair act? How sad.
man he should be president
I will say you guys did some great editing. If you change the background music to any video you can change the way people perceive it.
Trump is complete bullshit. You lost a subscriber.
1:39 lol
This was starting to convince me until I remembered Trump is a racist and misogynistic loud mouth. I especially like the background music, quite touching :-/
Please done go viral.
Larry King called - he want's his CNN set back. The piano cords our a nice touch - You should play Mozart's Requiem Big Boy
"Trump is a Nationalist..."

How is that a compliment? And how is that an argument pro Trump? 

The last person I want at the head of a Nation is a nationalist.
We know another historical "Nationalist" and "Patriot"!! Recall:
__"Make Germany Strong Again!" (Hitler's slogan)
__"I am the greatest fortress builder of all time!" (Hitler bragging about his Atlantic Wall"
Result: Germany ended up in ruins, 60 million people lost their lives in WWII, and the Wall collapsed!
Trump will be Triumphant...God bless America from Canada
donald was alot more liberal and a democrat than now he's of course a republican. by the way what he said was in the past as he is now a king and we are the people living in poverty
Here's how he REALLY feels... 30 years ago.
He made Donald Trump look better in my opinion. LOL
Anyone who is supporting Donald Trump is a delusional fucking moron for actually believing anything this liar is promising.

1) Trump CAN NOT get the US economy back on track. His history with money proves that. If he cant even manage his own billions of dollar (filed bankruptcy 4 times), just think what will happen to your own money.  He rags on people who use welfare yet at the same time, when asked about filing for bankruptcy, he blantantly and proudly proclaims that he was just taking advantage of the system like everyone else.
2) He is promising to build a wall to stop Mexicans from coming to the US and he claims that he will make Mexico pay for it. How would he do that? With YOUR tax money. He can ask Mexico but it doesnt mean they will do it.
3) He claims he will stop Muslims from coming to the US. Really? How? How can anyone tell who anyone is? He says by close monitoring and screening. With YOUR money.
4) This guy has no fucking clue when it comes to foreign policy and nuclear weapons. You want this erratic asshole access to nukes?
5) Sure, he says what he wants without a filter. But let's see what happens when he speaks that way to the wrong guy who has access to nukes. World War 3 anyone? 
6) When asked about the relationship with our allies and supporting other countries financially, he said America comes first yet in the same breath, he promised continued staunch support of Israel (which gets 3 billion dollars of American money a year.
7) He is a hypocrite and a liar. Asshole does business dealings with wealthy Muslims and Arabs all over the world. Bipolar?
8) This guy's hateful rhetoric and confrontational style will only lead to more terrorist attacks. 9/11 the sequel.

Donald Trump does not relate to the average man. He did not work for his wealth, it was inherited, therefore he will never understand the working man's struggle. 
He's a salesman selling snake oil.
You are all fools if you believe he would deliver on these promises. 
Be smarter folks. Dont buy his snake oil.
I like the back ground music!
Young Trump's words here about potentially becoming President are quite moving. Hard not to like him after this!
Lol at 9:05.  Chris Wallace looks ridiculous.
As a muslim republican im against donald trump simply because of the way hes dealt with his fellow candidates and the stances hes taken without the willingness to compromise. Some of you may say that is what is great about him, but you have to understand this is the president of the united states.. He has to be a harbinger of compromise and hold the whole world together not broker money deals. Hes gt to deal with people he doesnt like and he cant flat out insult them that being said i wont bother voting this election. Honestly dissapointed with all of the republican candidates
Trump 2016
Ah, convince me to vote for the 70 year old Trump, because the 30 year old Trump is so reasonable, even though we ALL seem to agree that these are two different people. Pretty sad when the self-entitled 'silent majority' is actually the loud minority. By the way, none of this video of Trump is new at all... The first word of the title of this video might as well be "Lie". The guy has said everything and everything's opposite, and so some team of people had to stretch to dinosaur land to find some half-intelligent statements from this rant-mouth. To collect this junk, it took months, and the editing is superb. The sad violin music almost makes you feel sorry for someone who was born rich. Pathetic, sad, desperate, and predictable.
wow people are stupid enough to get into this??? Good job, make america great again.
And a plus Reagan was a great president
Trump is going to win.
Trump is a bitch.
What ignorance? Who are we making live like kings. Who is ripping us off? Latin America? Trump is a classic psychopath. I think he will win.
maybe he is honest , lets give him a chance
Trump' soft spoken tone of voice during the first excerpt makes me thinks Trump is an absolute psycho.
But have you seen his hernia?!
I feel like this channel should be renamed to: Donald Trump Channel 😂
A loud speaker stood up and says:" DONALD TRUMP BOUGHT INFOWARS.. DONALD TRUMP BOUGHT INFOWARS.. DONALD TRUMP BOUGHT INFOWARS!!!"
His voice sounds like donald drumpf meaning dick sound, so i guess he is DD supporter, but i never watch the whole video.
This man sounds like a grown up Cartman from South Park
Donald trump  2016
why does this guy keep telling us if shown this video goes viral It will get Donald Trump elected president.  He clearly is routing for him but shows the same clip over and over when he's not interrupting it.  What a jerk.  How many dads that are multi-millionaires as early as the fifties are considered blue collar. Lies Lies Lies!! Eat em up America. Alex Cross is alying SOB!!!
I want to share this video on facebook so people can share and repost it, but will I get into trouble if I do?
Con artist.
Can you please put a link to the Trump Video in the comments... thanks.
I think the like to dislike ratio on this video speaks volumes on the American peoples true thoughts. One half, is in denial of what is actually wrong and what is actually right. I think once Trump debates Hillary and if he has the guts to say what all of uis have been saying all along, that he could become president, and that he could be a damn good one. A vote for Trump is a vote for America, a vote for Hillary is a vote for America's demise.
the fact that he's even considered a chance to become President speaks volumes. Not in a good way.
....This is pathetic...
You know, I never understood why being a 'flip-flopper' was a bad thing. Don't get me wrong, stating "I believe it is a personal decision that should be left to the women and their doctor" then the very next day stating that abortion is a terrible thing is pandering to the crowd, but a man who is inflexible should not be allowed to debate on a subject. No person should ever be so strong in their conviction that sound rational argument will simply fall on deaf ears.
Dude your voice is absolutely horrible.. Love you though
Alex how your true agenda shines through your bullshit. We all know who you work for you scam artist.
Which one of those links goes to the original video you're promoting?
wow watch Hilary vs Hilary
Comparing Donald trump to King David nice dude 👍🏻
People, don't expect information to be 100% accurate if the source is biased in any way. Find an unbiased source to gather information and put together your OWN thoughts.
infowars posting political ads for Trump?
young Trump...was very handsome o.O
The problem he is still advocating for war on ISIS which is exactly the what the establishment wants, I don't see any difference between him and all the other candidates. That and he flip flops on major issues constantly which is to me a sigh he's not reliable. This segment really doesn't show us anything why you want to vote for him
if trump gets elected there's a slight chance he will "mysteriously" die of a natural cause. it would behoove him not to become president and he knows it.
So this is all to drive traffic to your site? There are dozens of links in the description and no link to the video you've been selling for the last 10 minutes. Awkward.
don't let the sad piano solo in the background get to you
when trump said he'd run Republican, only because he thought Republicans were stupid and they would believe he said lol.
This Trump sounds smart the current Trump is stupid, idiotic behavior, & racist
FYI why not also go & look into his record when it comes to racist behavior as well 😂
If a picture is worth a thousand words, what's a video worth? Shut up and play the fucking video
VERMIN SUPREME FOR PRESIDENT 2016
He sounds like he has goat cheese stuck in his throat.
Trump for PRESIDENT.
master of blabbering bullshit and getting paid for it
He was handsome!
Alex is pushing the agenda of BLM as well, "if it goes viral" (hint hint).. Make it go viral, Hillary will drop out, Trump will crush Bernie and BLM will pitch such a big temper tantrum that Obama will declare Martial Law and become your DICTATOR..
Why isn't the video linked to in the description? I mean I know I can do a search for it, but still...a link in the description would help get it even more exposure. But supposedly they want to re-upload it and re-title it to get better exposure. We'll see.
"Make america great again".  America was "great" because they raped and pillaged the natives and stole all their land.  Google how much manhattan was purchased for from the natives.  America was also experiencing part of its "greatness" when they were proud supporters of the slave drive.  America has never been great.  It has only ever been a crass and adolescent-upstart version of the British Empire.
Which concluded that he was an Ass  and, he still is!
wait so why can't we vote Bernie sanders still?
No substance in the video.  Just more propaganda and a small lens on what kind of man King Donald is. Sorry. I cannot vote for this man.
no need to worry after the bilderberger meeting they will kill trump for sure he doesn't fit what they want
The hero we deserve
Ok... I rather have a thousand days of Trump than a single day of Nuclear Hell-ary, but this video says NOTHING. "I'm tired to see what this country has become" is something I've said, you've said, Bernie Sanders have said, Joane Doe have said and even the ISIS guy have said. It means nothing. He is a jerk... but, I rather have this guy than than Nuclear Hell-ary. At least I don't see the guy nuking anybody. I won't criticize your assertions since I am completely against nearly everything you say and believe in, but I don't want the world to end on nukes either, so... enemy of enemy if friend. I sadly ask people to vote Trump.
life is cruel . he looked ok!lol
This guy is an asshat.
all right let's show you Donald Trump really in an unbiased manner...roll the sappy music.  Give me a f**** break.
he been puttin his mouth like that for 30 yrs. u know how ya mama say if u keep makin that face itll getstuck lol
FDT!
I adopted a Chihuahua and named him Trump... he died five minutes later.
I'm only voting for Donald Trump because Bernie Sanders is out
Or you could just lay down and I could lay down next you and put my arm around you and put my head on your chest and you could play with my hair and we could watch YouTube and be all cuddled up in blankets
he thinks he is the king trump
he said how we are realy making them look like kings and  we are not
They put him in the race to loose, while making a show out of it. All the stupid controversial stuff that he has said is based on lies and scripts that he didn't write, "all part of the show." I don't trust him either way, I believe he is owned by the same people that own the Clintons and Obama.
I would rather have someone like this who doesn't want to rule but was forced to. As opposed to someone who wants nothing but to rule, Hillary
Damn you are awesome man, I love Alex! Really good job licking Trumps boots man, Keep up the good work!
🇺🇸👱🏻I don't know 100% for sure if Donald Trump will be any different once he gets into office or not but based on everything I've seen from him so far I have to believe he will because he says what he feels not what he's told he's not a politician but I think he'll end up being the best one this country has ever seen if they don't cheat Hillary into office because if that happens then we are all doomed beyond belief
i like your point about him liking women and comparing king David as an example , who was a good king and favoured by God because ive seen vids and read stuff about him being married a few times as being a  bad thing
Oh thank the lord I thought he was posting an anti trump video I couldn't believe it
How his views haven't changed? Really because his views on abortion and gay rights went from against them to for them.
As a philosophy and economics grad student I can tell you that Donald trump knows nothing about logical reasoning or economics. He just says stuff without backing it up, gives no reasons for his claims and people buy it because they also don't know what logical reasoning is. And he seriously just says later in this video that GDP was zero and the unemployment rate was over 30/ 40 percent. Do not believe what this guys says, use your logic and don't act like you know about economics without studying it or at least knowing how to think logically. Do your research people, rhetoric can be dangerous, stop getting fooled.
America is fucked
you  and anyone like you who want Donald Trump elected are idiots and bigots.
He gave money to Hillary Clinton I don't trust you anymore !!!
the fact that you have to dig and find a video to find what trump "really believes", is a perfect example of what is wrong with trump.
Trump 2016
lol this dude is a stupid fucking moron bitch idiot and shouldn't have his own show
Could have done without the sappy music.
I was a huge INFOWARS watcher for years!!! But ever since alex jumped on that Trump Dick I cant stand him!!! Hes got it so deep in his throat that he sounds exactly like him now. Trump does not give two shits about americans. He is a greed filled asshole!!! How can you even think a rich person could ever care about us small people at the bottom. UNSUBSCRIBE!!!
Oh that's right you mean before the civil rights movement, when it was okay to hang blacks.
Fake opposition
Trump been bashing America since the beginning, I thought he was going to make America great again. According to this video he's never felt America was great....
I would've enjoyed this but I just wanted to hear what Donald Trump had to say not the other dude talking for him.
If Trump even wins, you can bet your ass within 2 years he'll be calling Trump a puppet and ranting about other nonsense. Infowars is interesting at best, but after years of watching it's the same old pattern over and over again. It's too easy to sit back and fling shit. Lou Dobbs, Glenn Beck and others. Same bullshit over and over again. Can't blame them. They have made very good careers out of  people buying their demagoguery.
TRUMP IS A FUCKING CUNT!!!!
Anyone read the description with all the bullshit products? Why would anyone buy stupid "health" products from a guy that looks and sounds like everything else but healthy? ProstaGuard? I call shenanigans...
delete your account
So this guy, chump, say's he's tired of this country getting ripped off so passionatley, that he waits 30 plus years to finally do something about it. Oh he liked what he did BETTER at that time but he was so tired of this country getting ripped off. That's like saying you are tired of homelessness, oh but i'ma wait over 30 years to help them and do something about it and in the meantime, the homeless will continue suffering.
I don't hear anything particularly impressive at all.
And so the fact that he's consistently been racist for the past 20 years makes it okay???
Oh yeah he's a "nationalist", just like when he served his country in the Vietnam war and did his duty.....oh wait he evaded the draft at all cost because money talks
What a load of stinking crap.
All he cares about is money.. hes no diffrent from George Bush. Don't ever let this man rule the country.. you are going to see the end of the world soon. We don't need people from corporations to be our leaders. We are all leaders of ourselves. We just need to realize problems of our reality and start changing the system. All the politics you see on TV never speaks about revolution, technology, peace or love. All they talk about is security and finance.
Donald Duck for president. And when he f**ks up, we can say your FIRED.
Trump labels himself a republican. Republicans outsourced all the jobs. Therefore Donald Trump is LITERALLY anti-American in his ACTIONS. Never mind what he SAYS, judge him by his actions.
it's clear to me now that bernie sanders is the candidate the oligarchy does not want in office, he wants to dismantle the oligarchy and the banking elite. yet you choose to endorse this obvious puppet , that puts mexicans and muslims as the enemy , in every show.
for those who gave a thumbs down, you don't have to be scared of the fed
AJ the biggest shill in the history of the internet, he compares himself to ron paul ,what a joke.
also this video is old and everyone but you already saw it.
the music you add to the video is just a cheap media trick, the sweet music makes people soften emotionally and trump  words would register in the subconscious so they begin to like him. 
unless offcourse you are aware of this, then it would not have an effect on you.
Same stuff he says nowadays
@ 2:30 who is the lady interviewing DT?
He's thinks "People are tired of seeing the US ripped off".   Does that include the people he ripped off?
Info Wars LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLhahahahahahahehehehehehehehehehjajajajajjajajjajajajkarachkaracha
Here's what's obvious. Trump was complaining about the way things were back then. Isn't his slogan: Make America Great Again? So then why was he complaining 30+ years ago. Wasn't America great 30+ years ago? He implies in his slogan that America was great back then, but this shows he didn't think it was so great.
GO DONALD....My GOD!!!! I never dreamed I would say that. The personality is a so-so, but the brains are there IMO.
Crack heads.
All I see is a guy who is good at seducing women! Is this video made subtly to get the votes of the women? ;)
0 INFO ON WHAT HE IS TALKING ABOUT OR HOW HE WOULD FIX THE PROBLEM.  THROUGHOUT WRITTEN HISTORY, NATIONS WHICH HAVE BECOME WEALTHY - NEED GREATER AND GREATER PROTECTIONS - SO THEY MOVE FROM MAKING A FORTUNE TO PROTECTING A FORTUNE.  PROTECTIONS, LIKE GOING TO WAR AND KILLING PEOPLE, OR PAYING OFF GROUPS, SO THAT THEY DON'T INVADE.  THIS GETS COSTLY AND AT THE END - THE MONEY GETS SPENT AND THE EMPIRE DWINDLES - UNTIL NEW IDEAS TO MAKE MONEY SHOW UP ON THE SCENE.  THE USA IS FOLLOWING THIS NATURAL TREND - IT CREATED WEALTH - AND NOW ITS SPENDING IT PROTECTING ITS WAY OF LIFE.
Trump will become president but will be impeached within 2 years
the new world order is coming!
The only reason for his popularity is because he knows how the media works. His whole campaign is like a reality show. People love to see drama and action. He is still a racist who has no idea how politics work. Atleast he provokes all the terrorist organisations so damn hard that you don't have to fear the syrians refugees since they want to be as far away possible from the US since all terrorist organisations will attack the US. Congrats. Then when all terrorists are in the US, we just drop a bomb on it and then the US can atleast say they solved one problem instead of creating x thousand a day.
learn 2 talk!
boooooo!
AHHHHHHH HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA this man is a retard
Can someone explain to an uninformed person like myself why people call him racist. I know he said to temporarily ban muslins from entering the country and build a wall. Honestly to me, thats nothing. One is national security and the other is trying to fix a rampant immigration problem. Am i missing something?
Utter shite, is any1 actually sucking this up, how many people will take offense to what I've just said, vs how many people are capable of rational thought & can see he's simply playing this shite to the people who are just like him
Well I'm convinced... (tumbleweed)
what the hell is wrong with his voice?
People change.
One minute in..
"he's anti new world order"
well if that's the case we should all elect him, finally our president is just as crazy of a conspiracy loon as I am.
he must have the midas touch, even his hair is gold now.
Trump was good looking in his younger days.
meet the new boss....same as the old boss. He's said NOTHING about ending the Fed...the IMF...or the World Bank. At this point it doesn't matter.....this country is doomed.
Where's the link to the full video, bitch?
Corporations have presidents, countries have kings.
Fascinating video, Alex. The initial conclusion is that Mr Trump has always been a very unsophisticated political thinker whose views have not evolved from a very simple level. Congrats on doing the research: thank you.
He must know how to negotiate to make a zillion bucks. The mainstream media hates him, which is enough to vote for him.
Hilary is a fucking Liar,Trump is also a bull-shitting Liar and crook..What a Choice..And this Channel is run by a Lunatic.
Have you been paying attention? He is speaking in a very different tone now.  Hate, greed, and megalomaniacal dillusion.  His father is blue collar? Nope. When he says "this country would make so much money," whose pockets would it line?
#FuckDonaldTrump
so many hating just because he's donald trump
he was probably talking about the jews who have been destroying this country for last 50 years.
" and he loves women, nobody is perfect"
hmmm.
I personally never thought Trump was that bad, until he made many racist remarks. For example as an African-American man, I would hate for someone to tell me I'm unable to do my job because of the color of my skin or my heritage. That's exactly what Donald Trump did to a judge of Mexican descent, and that's not okay and it will never be okay for someone who is supposed to be a Presidential candidate to do so. Donald Trump may be tired of Americans getting ripped off, but which class or group of Americans could he be referring to? It's very possible that he hates to see Caucasian Americans getting ripped off because he seems to have issues with the minority groups of Americans.
God his voice is annoying.
I wonder how politically aligned this news group is.
If I was American he would get my vote
Anyone but Trump.
Oprah was cool back then, funny too.

Now shes insane
I love Trump but Alex is a fucking moron
Why has this guy not died of emphysema yet?
I saw the video, it didn't go viral, it went to the garbage :)
A Narnia '''Wardrobe''' President ? GREAT step forward for the world !!!! [would be better if he stepped out,though !!!!!!]
So this video shows a Trump from thirty years ago... It's like saying my old brick cellphone is better than my S7?
What I care is his mentality and values today, not from tirthy years ago. 

Trump has no character what so ever to be president.
I'm not a Rep or Dem... i'm also in a sense my own way... if my way bleeds into both spectrums then by all means that day i'm what you want to label me as... running this country should evolve into one man for the people, voted by the people with the intent to help the people... three simple reasonable things in the resume department per say... as far as party put them together... make them unified like the damn country is supposed to be... so you believe in god/ ala/buddah/w/e... i dont care if your gay straight or bent, just do the right thing and keep it MOVING....
nope still a bigot, racist, manipulator,  
- american erdogan ...lol  good luck
there are no nations. there are only corporations and people. and cops.
I 'm sorry I can't stand this man's voice.
4:10 IS that Bill Cosby's TV wife?
When I was 10 I wanted to be a power ranger, shit changes.
IF ITS ALL FAKE AND RIGGED THEN WHY PARTICIPATE?
do not let that dumb ass of donad trump foul you..is corrupt like all the others is in it for is own agenda..fame..power..and most off all $$$$$$$
I've meet DT in summer of 2009 around 9pm in front of Trump towers in NYC.
We stood in front of the towers for 30+ min talking to him.
We took 3 pictures.
my father talked to him for a good 10min while we talked to his bodyguard. 

in those 30min I got to watch him upclose & personal.

he was VERY nice,loved to talked,never said anything negative.listned to what I had to say. 

there was nobody else around.surprising considering it was NYC but yes  he's a very good guy.

people fear him because he's outspoken and very opinionated which about 3/4 of Americans are so...

#Trump2016
Donald Trump Is A bad Businessman much of his success is due to being born into a wealthy, connected family in New York.. Trump’s election could be a catastrophe for the American economy. No immigrants? 
An estimated 40 percent of Fortune 500 companies have been started by immigrants or their children. Among the most notable business leaders was Apple’s co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs, who was the son of a Syrian immigrant.

According to the Fiscal Times, more than half of engineering (56 percent) and computer science (51 percent) doctoral degrees were awarded to students who were neither U.S. citizens nor permanent residents in 2011. Immigrants with expertise in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) have proven to be the creators of America’s most innovative companies, and this is even more accurate in the 21st century.

Trump is adamant about slashing the $77.4 billion budget allocated for the U.S. Department of Education.

If Trump is elected  it's good for Europe's economy. So i'm happy.
Where's the link to the full video?
Crazy shitbag. He will ruin the country and he is a corrupt dumbass. And a huge liar.
Hillary's no prize (nope - not today - not ever - you're all correct as far as that goes).  But she's not a complete, undisciplined, hair-trigger, draft-dodger - who (it seems) has lied as often (but because Trump lies doing business somehow "that's okay").  I honestly don't give a crap about either of these guys' social-conscience views.  But Trump holding the nuclear codes is scary as s___ (I've got grand-kids).  If Trump had served with me in 'Nam I'd might have some respect for him.  But he's just a rich coward with a big mouth.
Trump = Amerika dead . Someobe ekse = Amerika alive
this is not a new video. this is a old video.
If it's so much to see, why do you keep cutting away from the video?
BL X
believe me

god he says that  a ton


believe me
People Change Over Time Remember ...
A handsome Donald Trump all Germans are not nefarious look at the history of Otto Von Bismarck Maybe Donald trump is brave enough to stand up against the British Empire if Trump is not assassinated
I can't believe this guy . he's just  insecure about his hair . that's why he talk's crazy.
You nailed it with this, Alex. Knew from the outset he was a Nationalist but nobody would listen.
Donald trump got rich being a con artist, we all know this. Yes Hillary is also a con artist but just saying your not proving anything lol
this is NOT NEW!
WHY you lie to me?
this is NOT NEW!
why you lie to me?
Don't know about TRUMP,but he's not a traditional REPUBLICAN,last thing we need is another idiot like the BUSH's or REAGAN.
this is NOT NEW!
why you lie to me?
What is supposed to be substantial about this? For a long time he's said he didn't want to run for president and he didn't like the direction that the country was going. And when he wasn't a radically pro-choice liberal, he was a kind of a liberal republican. Is this supposed to be new or substantial?
Alex is crazy af but his heart is in the right place.
Trump is fucking stupid
trump is a bigger bloated, bloviating, bigoted baffoon than the corrupt, conniving, corporatist, centrist, coverup queen and cunt shrillary.
So Where was the patriotism when this chicken hawk  "Dodged" The draft. Say what you will about the male royal family members at least they fullfill their miltary obligation.
Trump is an amazing person and would be a great president.
Idiotic channel!
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP!
big a j styles
Cannot find the video he references, the "27 min" one - can anyone point me directly to it?
Doesn't help that his site wants shitloads of scripts to work and I run with noscript -_-
Geeeez. This guy's an idiot!!!!!
too true Alex!  Go Trump!
Just because Donald Trump has been saying the same thing for 36 years, doesn't make him right!
CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!
Where are all the videos about hildabeast and why is everyone so focused on trump? I think trump is more honest than anyone one the political stage today. Not saying that im gonna vote for him or that ill vote at all this time but im just tired of hearing about trump this and trump that. Let's talk about Hillary's secret life.. Or is that not allowed because shes a woman?
I dont like either of them but if I had to pick it would be Trump
No substance here, just Trump seeming sentimental, blabbering over soft piano music about how the country is fucked. If that's all it takes to convince you this guy is fit to run the USA, then you're an idiot, just like this puppet with the radio show!
wow trump has been a horrible human for ALL his life! who would have knew?!?
I don't have 11 minutes to spare, can someone tell me what happens?
I'd rather be living in anarchy than have Trump as a president.
How is it possible that a total nutjob like this guy have an expensive studio ?!Start writing fictional books, like Dan Brown,Alex, instead of spreading these totally crazy ,shit ass conspiracy theories around to people who lacks the same knowledge of the world as you do. Promoting hate and alienation...and a supporter of Trump. Really? This video, glorifying him.. Really low, I really want to know what you think about Sanders. Probably that he is a Rotchild gnome or something totally out of this world. Get yourself a proper job.
he's offended people that I love, yes trump may have good intentions and may have more to offer than Hilary but he's ruined his reputation as that likable guy with these small minded and racist remarks , he's ruffled the feathers of our beautiful bird, he's brings forth conflict in many people's lives not just Americans and in conflict you'll always find chaos , we live in a chaotic world already the people of earth look upon America as a safe haven , Donald Trump will ruin this , believe when I say America is great We the people make it great we have opportunity 's in our country that many places in the world would give there lives for , we need to stop taking our lives for granted and stop being so lazy
This isn't new you faggot
Info wars..... Gross
this is garbage
#TRUMP2016
Vote trump
How long did it take him to figure out how to do subtraction and write out those numbers? Oh my god this guy is a joke.
"This video will get Trump elected..." ROFLMAO!!!!!
Donnie has always work women's hair.  Bizarre.
He seems to always be hitting on women.
😂
i am so sad that i just gave this video a view :(
Trying to manipulate people with emotional music passively playing in the background. Nice try.
The music is the best.
You can edit a video of Hitler and make him look good too,if you knew nothing about him. The Media controls this country,people have lost the power cause we're all such suckers,money makes you happy they say.
Ron Paul 2016
i just wanna know what the piano music was.
"OMG this video is about Trump in a positive manner.. i'm gonna down-vote without even watching this and taking in the facts.  And, I'm gonna believe only what i want to hear even if it's not factual."
- Says the average down-voter.
what a cancer video
So, when Trump bashes your religion, sexuality, gender, weight, ethnicity, origin, or facts, He's KIDDING. This is the "REAL" Donald, so you can invest soundly in his NEXT casino, it's not a scam, he's got the face and hair...of an angel. A Mexican hating angel.
Because we all have the same exact thoughts and views as we did 30 years ago.
News Flash:
people change
its the shame guy
LOL... look at trump flip flopping already. he hasn't even taken political office yet and he is getting in the practice.
We're afraid of Trump because he's a hate mongering, xenophobic, belligerent racist who will absolutely destroy the middle class, wreck the economy, and will make sure that the US is excommunicated by the WHOLE WORLD because no other country in the world will stand for his Kindergarten like antics.. Its embarrassing that Republicans, already as much of a joke that they are, are prepared to endorse this buffoon. I went to multiple Trump rallies to meet the people who supported him, and I mean this as wholehearted as I possibly can be; I was shocked and astounded that people could be so unintelligent, uneducated, and ignorant to FACTUAL information. For example: they would persist that 9/11 was the reason we were in the Middle East and would tell me that it was all "liberal propaganda" when I would tell them we've been present in the Middle East since World War II. Its comes to me with no surprise that people are willing to support him. He's the stereotypical, loudmouth "patriot" who is willing to go against political correctness (i.e. be ignorant, racist, bigot, insight hate and violence). I grew up in Europe, in the US military so I saw all of these 20 year old kids who only join the armed forces to kill people and blow stuff up. I was appalled by this "American Patriotism" because I would receive hate for saying I'm pro-sensible gun laws or pro-choice or that I support the US enacting legislation that worked great in the EU or EU countries. America needs to shape up, and big time. Its time to get out of this popular kid in high school ego and realize that if we want to move forward anywhere in the world, we need to elect sensible leaders both for National Government and local governments, start to work mutually with other countries to make the world as powerful and unified as possible. One way to start that, its to dump Trump. It is impossible for the United States to move forward when the rest of the world is prepared to give up on us if we elect this man. When you sit and think about great American presidents and the powerful people who shaped this country or paved the way for others to do great things, do you really think Donald Trump will ever hold a place on that list?
If there's languid piano behind you, it's true
Unsubscribed!
This video makes one great point while missing the REAL point.  It is correct that Trump has been consistent, in fact more consistent, than most political candidates, Clinton included.  But embracing America means embracing those who contribute to America every day, legal or illegal, Christian or Muslim.  Trump is not a nationalist, he is a racist.  Only 6% of acts of terror since 9/11 have been committed by Muslims.  And if he is not a racist, then he is simply pretending to be one in order to get votes, which makes him just like all of the politicians he claims not to be.  That makes him a hypocrite, which he also claims that he is not, which makes him a double hypocrite.  Nobody likes a double hypocrite.
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT HELP SAVE THE COUNTRY PEOPLE VOTE FOR TRUMP
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT HELP SAVE THE COUNTRY PEOPLE VOTE FOR TRUMP
Ok, so i admit, i skipped around the video a bit because i couldn't stand the commentators voice, but i watched the interviews with Trump and he never says anything except Hope and Change... How stupid am i supposed to be to think that this means anything whether i support Trump or not?
booo
what's that music in the background suppose  to do?
I think you should stop smoking! your voice is jacked up
7 million fewer voters
This video was completely and utterly useless. It didn't mention anything really important about Trump at all! Just some over-generalizations that he mentioned 30 years ago with a sympathizing background tune. Nobody get me wrong though. I believe something must be done with the muslim onslaught in Europe, America etc. But i'm not sure whether Trump is the way to do it. However i don't know and maybe the US does in fact need a conservative break. A counterattack to this pathetic religion. Of course it's not only about religion. By the way i'm an outsider. I believe if i had to vote for someone though, it wouldn't be for Trump. Moreover Trump and all the republicans don't even believe in global warming. Well i don't know what to utter about this, because it's just utterly stupid, since it's a phenomenon scientifically proven numerous times. Anyway. I guess we'll see how this goes.
you have to be pretty desperate when u cant find flaws with Trump as he is today you must dig up shit from 200 years ago...
Trump is the better of the two evils, sure, he might not have the best ideas like pro-life rather than pro-choice on abortion, might not allow gay marriage and the rest, but compared to Hillary he might actually make the country better, you don't need muslims there, you don't need illegal immigrants, and you do need a stronger business leader. Let him do those things, and things will liberate moderately in due time.
Holy shit go trump
I would say he's more presidential back then than he is now.Just saying
You want Donald Trump to win? He is FRIENDS with Hillary Clinton lol They share an address in Delaware. He is corrupt. Almost as bad as Hillary, but there is no Lesser of Evil
Whoops. i accidentally clicked on a InfoWars video
He's also just announced he'll give more powers to the security and intelligence services than Obama ever did. Where are your "documents" on this Alex. You've been bleating on about security taking away peoples freedom and rights for God knows how long and now your man has said this? Still kissing his fuzzy orange ass now Alex?
character development, kind of like  when lucifer developed into satan
If you think Trump cares about anything besides money/power/attention then you probably have already been suckered in by his scam.
CUBANS FOR TRUMP!
GO TRUMP! Not for a new world order, against the war on drugs... What more could you asshole conspiracy theorists want?
Comparing Trump to David?!   He got envious of someone.
and he loves women awesome stuff alex
...says the guy with the Hitler haircut
Death to America ffs
Hillary's minions are out in force on this video. 
Screeching devils from the pit of hell out in force for Crooked Hillary. 
They are feeling threatened by the TRUMP TRAIN.
TRUMP 2016!
TRUMP 2020!
Im glad Donald Trumps TRUE intentions are being shown, whether good or bad because it allows me to make up my own mind about him and NOT what the media portrays. So if I DONT want to vote for Trump, it will be because of what I KNOW, NOT WHAT THE MEDIA KNOWS(or the current leaders in politics) 

What I will say though is Donald Trump has supported the Clintons for ALL of their political careers until now and that he has had Some views which are liberal in the past like banning guns and pro-choice.
Build a wall
Trump is the biggest Moron I ever had seen lol :)
not new..  it was an interview 30 yrs ago. The only think he talks about is his economic views.
is it possible to contract autism via info wars?
I don't want Trump elected, ever.   I want Gary Johnson.
I dont want Hillary to be president. #werefucked
Not once does Trump talk any sort of policy or position, just sentiments.  Nothing about this video is convincing of anything.  I seriously wonder about the intelligence of people swayed by this.
Trump is just a psychopathic egomaniac, and the only thing thats worse than him is his supporters.......who's more foolish, the fool or the fool who follows him?
His "good brain" here is much different now.
lol his dad was blue collar yet he gave trump a small loan of a million dollars?
I'm very certain this guy has a weird thing for trump lol like he has a room full of pictures of him lol
If Trump hasn't changed, that just makes him even more inflexible.

Then again, has this country ever changed that much either over the decades? Maybe the technology, but what about the mentality?
This man is saying nothing to help trump be president
He seriously said the same thing in both interviews
He thinks he has a hell of a chance of wining because he is tired of the way his country is run! well that settles it then!!! he is qualified!! It's a no brainer...geeezzzz! or maybe it's just the host of this show who is the No Brainer if he thinks that's all it takes.
Alex jewnes is on Trump's payroll. notice how Zionist Alex compare trump to king David lol
right wing republicans always have a gay crush on hollywood celebrities like trump and reagan
Lol this vid get a lot of dislike
i am gullible too
i dont not even watch this video... because there was no need ... why do you think that people think the way same way about everything they did 20+ years ago... do you?
#elect Ken Crosshttp://www.kencross.com/
Loose the sappy music and you might have something.
the host is just awful, I want to punch him in the face
That haircut would be great for radio
i can't stand his ads (ads ads ads!) I'm so sick of ads everywhere %95 of them are scams or lies expecially KFI 640  everyone lies tv brainwashes everyone if you have a weak will if you have a strong will then you'll be okay just get sick like me
vote trump
both candidates suck, sorry but its true... USA put your s***T together and elect someone that deserves to be a F'ing  president...
Continue like this and you will become Venezuela, and in the progress destroy the rest of the world economy, Do something about riffles, don't ban them I respect personal freedoms but isn't enough, enough? Stop this liberal economic system and be the capitalists you claim to be. (yeah this economic system is not capitalism or socialism its the combined worse of both.
I care less if its Democrats or Republicans or the Libertarians it can be a monkey if you want, but please stop this circus.
I don't know who is funnier and more pathetic... Alex or Donald.
This still doesn't show all his sides ....he clearly isn't stable... I love him as a "businessman" ... But as a leader of a country haha .    A joke..
You'll all regret trying to belittle trump because when he becomes president their will be a lot of change
alex jnes isa bum  hole
nationalist thats not a good thing dude....
Trumps excellent buziness sense and patriotism will elect him
Hillary is not royal who does she think she is shes nothing to me but a criminal
" Whatever is not present at conception can never be found at the finished result." What is the reality, don't try to flatter. Too many people are lost in poems.
If you play one of Hitler's speeches with that shitty piano music people would be like, "Huh, this guy is making a lot of sense."
Why do i see a video promoting a fucking fascist motherfucker???
Trump is pretty ungodly by Biblical standards.
Why do people listen to this moron blab on about senseless shit? His head is so far up his ass, he probably can't even hear himself.
video can't go viral when I have no idea how to find it.
Sounds great, like all popular voted people. My fear of premeditation is too strong to believe he's so humble. Why are so many people randomly asking him if he'd like to be the United States president when he's a successful young business man?
FDT 👎
Does he really believe he is showing us something we haven't seen before? He is dumb as a bread box and as insignificant as a flea on a camel's *ss.
Please everyone .. Don't forget to dislike this rubbish ..
I would vote for Trump but I'm Canadian. I abhor racial Marxism and 'squeaky-wheel' group rights. Totalitarian by nature.
its bill hicks dressed as a woman
TRUMP IS THE REAL DEAL!!!!!
What's the point releasing this video if it gets Donald trump elected if it goes viral?! Total stupidity
That fucking song, you gotta be kidding me.
Why fix something that is not broken? Maybe a bit bit dusty or cracked, but not broken...
Its getting more promotion by itself...
he is old he is idiot he is a *ssh*le but the other option is not better
The human race is having its "Mount Vesuvius" moment, and maybe unlike the anicent people of Pompeii we shoudn't believe what feels right in our gut is always right.
Just wait until Donald gets into the White House. (As if -- the establishment is getting behind Hillary.) The Deep State and the neocons will tell him what to do, and he'll do it, if he knows what's good for him. Otherwise he'll end up like Jimmy Carter... or worse.

If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal. (Emma Goldman)

It doesn't matter who votes, but who counts the votes. (Joseph Stalin)
Most people already know what he's really about. He's a racist who's made it known he hates Latinos and Middle-Eastern people. Thing is...I'm sure he does business with ME people all the time. Do they not hear his hate?? :P Who's he going to hate on next? Asians?
He's so cute like a baby chick
"Fox sezsh. CNN sezsh."
Why would you want this Man in charge he hasn't any respect for nobody, You need someone who's going to ban guns he's all for guns being legal.
johnson/stein this year
Bernie has the same type of video but with more meaningful content.
Kiss off all you anti-American a holes. Trump 2016!
Sam Samsoa, no, that would be your he she in the white house today No Doubt!
your production is super on point !!!
Lmao you talk about illuminati and all that bullshit, and how the two party system doesn't work, now that trump is what you want, you support him lololol
5:10 How can you people not see IDIOT written on that face?
"new video" lol... that's the old video of the  90' c'mon, stop this stupid things, and he already confessed this years ago... the truth was out before he even started being a candidate
so I personally don't like Alex's content, every once in a while he get's a whole in one(figuratively), But i get why some people would sub and like his content,but i just can't stand his voice, and face, maybe he had throat cancer..
This video is the biggest piece of garbage I've ever seen.
I cannot watch this.
Everyone changes their minds.  It's called Freedom!!
Trump likes women? I though he was homosexual, like John Travolta!!
this video is about farting in a market
I wonder if Alex cares about Trump's statements against minorities. Probably not. Hence why you cannot act like a little bitch when people don't align with your views. It's frankly appalling.
Trump - T = rump 

Coincidence?

I

Think

Not

😂
stir it up lames
So this is why Trump sounds mean. The moment he stepped into politics, he got evil. Damn....
I'm sorry, I couldn't anything over the loud Trump dick sucking noises your ugly voice makes.
You sound like you eat cigarettes.
not this redneck scammer
donald trump used to be young
I almost closed the video the second I saw the infowars logo, but I figured I'd give it a chance...which was pointless.  Less than 2 minutes in and it's like listening to an escaped asylum patient lecture to his pet ball of tin foil.  Do people actually take this con-man seriously?

It's not a shock that he supports Trump ... he looks like a fatter Trump with a little more hair.  The funniest part is that this guy is an amazing actor, pretending to believe all this garbage he feeds his fans, so he can sell them junk they don't need for cash they don't have.  I hate people who prey on the uneducated (and those too lazy to do research), and I feel sorry for anyone who falls into the infowars trap.

Step 1:  Hide in your basements with your tin-foil hats and fear the invisible (read: non-existent) bogeyman
Step 2:  Buy my stuff because...reasons....
Step 3:  ???
Step 4:  Victory against the shadowy organizations!

Here's a hint to all you people I've probably enraged with this post:  If the website has conspiracy buzzwords in the title or URL, it's probably full of unfounded lies and wild speculations (like infowars) and only survives because the people who frequent it refuse to think for themselves or do independent research to verify what they are being told.  This is the same site that helped to spread misinformation regarding vaccines, assisting in the deaths of thousands of children...children who would still be alive today if their parents had done their own research instead of believing a snake-oil salesman selling them convenient lies and convincing them to fight the "man" or whatever.

The word of the day is: Demagogue - extra points for looking this up in the dictionary (hint: this is your first step to freedom).

Do yourself a favor and take 5 minutes to do a google search on infowars and scam, or infowars and lies (hint ignore any results that come back from infowars itself).  You want so badly to be a patriot?  Know what you're talking about before you open your mouth and try to have a discussion or argument with another person - and don't spread misinformation like the virus that it is.
Plus where are his taxes? You fucking retards change your views based around moronic candidates!
so if this guy has been complaining about the country for 30 years, when is the time frame he wants to Make America Great again? The 50's right? So there is segregation and women can't vote. Donald Trump is an idiot! His tax plan would be disasterous.
NEW VIDEO - of 1980's Television Interviews!!!
stop trying to make this horrible racist piece of shit of a man look and sound good we don't buy it
stop trying to make this horrible racist piece of shit of a man look and sound good we don't buy it
Blah blah blah stfu
Still can not support this guy.
are you the scumfuck that work for Fox news? if so i'm sorry, i shouldn't watch you.
Is it part of the shtick that all blowhards need a deep, hoarse, voice? Rush really did pave the way.
Another grossly manipulation intended to hide the real man behind the moronic rhetoric "make America great again". As if any of his senseless plans would have the approval of congress, much less be given funds to materialize. This man represents division at its very core, international isolation, and hatred towards the US that will surely intensify under his irrational command. Open your eyes people!
Does he have ball rash? Around his mouth..?
This guy speaks as if in the span of 30 years you can't change your beliefs. And he did not just compare King David to trump.
Berned out Sanders and Hil-Lie-ry Clinton we never hear about how they plan to stamp out Isis and Isil.
The power of editing mixed with someone who has contradicted himself saying whatever who he happens to be talking to at the time wants to hear gives the editor a lot of choices to make him look however the editor wants him to look. That's how editing works...
He loves what he's doing?  You mean "Fraud"?  Bankruptcy?  Really, he loves doing that?  How is this video going to help him at all?
Your a fucking loser mate
One ridiculous clown building up another.
Trump will be the next President of the USA, Clinton will be in jail at the election time.  No one in America wants the same old bullshit going on they want change, and Trump will bring that change.
Another one on the payroll
ohhh  SHUT UP U IMBECIL!!!
Take it from a lifelong salesman - that's all this guy is A SALESMAN. And his BS works best on the angry and the uneducated,  the same people I get my fattest sales from.
You supporting trump makes me like him less
Rot in hell😄
lol at the piano in the background
Hitler was a White Democratic Socialist, far more resemblant of Bernie and Hillary, the latter of whom is also being endorsed by the KKK.

Trump2016
GET TO  THE FUCKING POINT
americans are retarded xD this infowars bullshit is so ridiculous i cant even.
This is obviously political propaganda non of this means shit. Trump is an idiot unfit to even own the power he already he has. Info wars you are just as bad as him keep this up and the endless hell of anonymous will crash down onto you until your the greatest laughing stock of the world
So many things he said in public were proven to be a lie.
the only dude on plante who goes ginger as he gets older and not grey!! looks real like his son here
He seems so humble in these old interview, WTF happened to him?
They're putting trumps in the water that are turning the frickin frogs gay
The best part about this is how much debt Trump really is in. lmfao
Trump is the new POTUS, we are just waiting for the official announcement. #TRUMP2016!!!!!!!
You people are idiots lmao
Alex spent his ENTIRE life railing against the rich elitist. HIS ENTIRE LIFE.
And now he throws in with one of the richest, most egocentric men on earth?

I've long suspected that Alex was a shill. This doesn't help to kill that opinion.
He is one of those bastards taking advantage. His dad was blue collar, horseshit. After all he did give Don a 'small' million dollar loan
You said this is what "Trump really believes."  You used the present tense of the word.  This video is over 15 years old.  What a shame you can't be honest.
You do realize that if this orange psychopath becomes the president of the United States there will probably be a nuclear war.
Anyone else hate this guys voice?
Which group is worse: fanatic Trump supporters, or the  protesters who burn the American flag to show some sort of rebellion?
trump will win! Lets make america great again!
are you fucking kidding?
He was young.  He's older and changed his mind.    Let's move on,,,
Trump already broken his promises to his voters, he played you like fools. No donors, self funding, no Goldman Sachs,  already broken.  This man saying lot of stuff, flipflop all over the place,  brags about money he doesn't own. 
He has not even served his county and compare his boy school with army theme with real army, he is a joke!
I'm sorry who are you letting to live like kings? who is he talking about ?
"if this video goes viral"
>doesn't post the link
Lol, what a joke.
oprah's teeth
Wait Alex, I thought you were anti fascist. Trump wants to 'temporary ban Americans' - revoking their fucking rights because of their religion?
I would love him to win. Then the world would not need the US anymore. Europe would have a real army. Japan and Korea can go nuclear and dump the US as an ally. America would have even fewer exports and would not enjoy the cheap imports it has now. The world would have to find another way to preserve its wealth in things other than dollars. Other financial centers will grow. To export anything, Americans will have to get real jobs and work really hard and they would not be able to enjoy such clear environment. They would actually learn what it is like to work in bad job conditions to provide the cheap products they enjoy.I hope Donald Trump wins. That will give America back its real size and give the world a chance to grow up and depend on itself.The ban on Muslims would be good too. It would force muslim countries to ban Americans too. Boom!Of course the other possibility is total chaos everywhere, but I can't see how that would make America great again.
Someone really should edit a shortened clip of these past interviews and get them out into the main stream for Trumps campaign.  They are powerful without a doubt.  Something Hilary doesn't have, Honesty and integrity.  I know Donald gets a bad wrap most of the time.  I just wish people would understand its all manufactured purely to fuel The Democratic Party which main stream media fully endorses because it fully backs the Globalists agenda.  A vote for Hilary is simply a vote to revoke our freedoms and empower those which seek to enslave us all.
A true American hero who dodged the draft
this guy sounds like hes been chugging whiskey and smoking cigars non-stop for 20 years.
LOL....keep making these videos to make yourself feel better.
Trump: A narcissistic, good for nothin, rich boy who masquerades his bigotry using wealth and dogmatic lies to present to the media. I'd rather choose the female even though she's no better.
the young Trump reminds me soooo much of Owen Wilson...
Donald Trump wants to run the US like a business, you can't do that. They are two different models... Not to mention that as a business man he is a piss poor example. He has filed bankruptcy 4 times.
He said absolutely nothing of substance in any of those clips.
so if 30 years he thought America wasn't great then which America is he taking us back to?
You can't stump Trump.
But in all seriousness this election is a joke. Hillary is a fucking witch and Trump is an idiot.
Trump is a BUSINESSMAN so clearly he lives to persuade. He was in real estate! People need to realize that of course he will say whatever to gain popularity. IF HE WAS SUCH A GOOD GUY, WHY HAVEN'T "THEY" Took His Riches? Why is he winning the election? Why are there a bunch of racists who support him? ONLY BAD PEOPLE ATTRACT BAD PEOPLE!!
ok the host sounds like he has throat cancer and with a lisp, + he talks rubbish. How is he a tv host?
He sounds like he have smoked 10kg of tobacco.
Trump sucks dicks.

#Ryback / #Lesnar 2016
real eyebrows
Yeath that was like 30 years ago
My experience with Democrats is that if you don't toe the line with donations and public support, you will be punished for it.  As a real estate developer, virtually all of Trump's business deals were in major cities run by Democrats.  You just try to build an apartment house in Chicago, Dallas, Denver, LA, NYC, Atlanta etc WITHOUT donating to the local party.   You will find out very quickly how hard it can be to get a building permit. How much union trouble you're going to have.  EXTORTION is what built the Democrat Party ever since the days of Andrew Jackson and it has never changed.
If Trump is elected he'll kill more people than Hitler.
Bernie or die
So a millionaire says he's tired of seeing other people live like kings... what? Also he might not have wanted to run then (hence him not running), but now, it's just for a story. A guy who is doing a job he doesn't want to do for the greater good is seen as a sacrifice. He will stick to this story to make himself look like a hero, when in reality he wants the power to make his fucked up racist vision of the world a reality.
using videos from the 70's to prove a point... right
Your A MORON IF U THINK THIS VIDEO IS ALL you need to be president IM freaking done making a point .... Lmao trust me it takes more than just will power to change the country it takes skill wisdom and so many other things DONT GET ME WRONG I truly believe Donald has Good intentions and he really means well ... Just dont think he can Handle being a president for many reasons just like i liked Michael Jordan growing up and watching him but I believe he would suck as a president ... Leave it at that food for thought N So many other examples.
Trump is our one chance for a dying nation, were in serious trouble while some think it will keep going. Want to see marshall law with troops at your door? No NOT FEAR mongoring but FACT!!! Better hope Trump wins cause if Obama stages some big event and stays in or Hillary wins NWO will begin.
Interesting - thanks for sharing,. As a centrist liberation, and a political science major - this is the most confusing election I have ever seen. I can understand Trump - and am slightly starting to understand him -  but having a son who was born in Spain and who was abused in the US for being "Mexican" by the school to prison pipeline  - that is what is turning me off from him and has so from the beginning. It is an interesting campaign to say the least. Wonder if he's going to bring up Mena and more? If so then I'm for him,. Just wish he hadn't gone of all the racist rants.  That is what is making people hate him so much. So confusing what is going on. I understand what Alex is getting at here.
I saw a lizard in a plane spraying chemicals on my crops... Who should I contact?
Many (not all) of the comments I've seen here show me what kind of people are running around loose in this country, and that's why we're in trouble. Clear perception went down the toilet a long time ago, and it would appear that most people nowadays can do nothing more than to scream about "racism" and "sexism" and demand that everyone's guns be taken away. Such people never actually know what the real issues are. Most of the comments below prove this. Hillary would push for WW3, as most of us know, and as for Trump, at least he's not Hillary. He's an intelligent man and has said some very rational things ... but let's see what happens. Because a president shouldn't be expected to be able to magically fix everything ... we need cooperation in this country, but with so many idiots running around loose, how can that ever happen? ...
Trump is a retard but way better than the warmonger liar Hillary.
so over time your views can't change?
So back in 1987 he was speaking out on oprah's show against the past 7 fruitful years under Reagan and this is a man we should make the GOP nominee? This has made me lose further respect for Cheetos skin Donald.
Still can't believe that Seattle didn't run the ball.
We're all doomed.
I hailed hitler to this
lol america get your act together elect Bernie sanders if u want a brighter future not more wars or terror. if trump gets elected i would recommend the whole world to invade the states because as i see it the world will go to shit if that thing gets elected. just a Danes opinion
Trump to win! Respect from the uk
There's only one team versus the rest of the world, this channel and Trump are on that team, why can't you people see that?
he's an over simplifying idiot. You can say he's the same guy, but the crazy has increased  substantially over the 30 years.
I'm not really a fan of Trump, but he is very consistent about his beliefs in his prior videos. So, ... Trump all the way!
36 year pass and you think a persons outlook should not change?
Was that the entire video or just the part where Donald looks good Alex? Seems like you're taking stuff out of context to prove a point. I want to see the good and the bad.
he said nothing with content, so its easy to claim hes still the same.
your voice is fucking annoying man. Please shut up and play the video
hes Always been retarded, yes.
This channel just went full retard.
wow he seems so much more humble of a person in the interviews
This is hilarious.
So cute... and the guy make thailand/china make the cloth for him instead of creating job as he, so much says to gain in people's innocent heart full of hate and anger. #Trump2016#makeamericagreatagain


....
you are an idiot
Trump can't speak a word of substance, just adjectives to persuade.
I think 10 no wait 20pigs fucked this anchor's throat and brain
is this a joke
Just cringey I had to unsubscribe about a year ago from this channel when alex back flipped and started promoting this bastard I can't believe he can't see that donald trump is the fucking 00000.1% that makes the world tge bad place it is
I think the likes-bar is rather poignant in this case. It shows the divide in the infowars and the anti-government community, between the pseudo-anarchic Bill Hicks/George Carlin esque snide and bitter liberals who claim to be outside the system and the often Libertarian conservatives who probably dont think too negatively of the Tea Party. 
Interesting to see how this will unfold.
Your an idiot
But, he is still the less evil as the bloody witch Clinton
How is this supposed to convince anyone of anything? The US ripped off? The US IS ripping off others, have been for decades. Also, way too talk about how "others live like Kings herpderp", it's a really powerful message from a multibillionnaire 0.1%er.

He said the same popularist demagogue BS he says now. No substance.
i can literally Say WHATEVER i want. thing is.. its not done until its done..this is stupid
trumps a loser. that's what he is. a loser.
NICE piano, "MUST SEE" means the video lacks of assets, 100 % guarantee of bullshitty poop
right wing crap
trumps a loser
Alright, the one thing I am most confused about is how is Trump not considered one of the elite? Sure he "says" rich people hate him, however, that's a good political line. He is wealthy, he even admits to buying political candidates. That sounds like the exact opposite of what people believe him to be. Don't take this as a slight against him, I am seriously wondering and have yet to hear a good argument as to how he isn't one of the elite ruining our country.
3:52 American Pauline Hanson, if you dont know who that is Google it
Wow he started with no ego...
Donald. Trump will beatCorrupt Clinton and her Rapist hubby.
Trump Trump Trump 2016....Hitlery for prison.
what if he's just seeming bad on purpose to get votes from all the whites but as soon as he wins he actually does good things
no president can change the world it's been the same since you we're born we the people can only change that by protesting(:
there are some sleepy ass people in these comments. bernie is the only real answer to america; trump and hillary supporters are the actual worst.

stay woke, america; vote bernie. if not, the rest of the world will keep laughing at you.
USA is really about to vote for this clown ? Really ? Please step your game up americans.
This old lady in the orange wig? 

Worse than Hitler.
Donald trump piss ass racist motherfucker
So he's for trump? 😂🖕🏼
He would be impeached in 3 months or less. 

Petty tyrants cant lead our great nation.
Yep yep

http://www.businessinsider.com/paid-actors-at-donald-trump-announcement-2015-6

https://politicalwire.com/2015/06/17/trump-paid-50-for-actors-to-cheer-for-him/

http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/christie-past-comments-trump
Too much nationalism and extreme right is not good. I will remember Mr. Trump he can't drive a country like a business, because we must give multiple chance for others to make it they way too. BUT, Mr. Trump is right! America must come back to American people's hands. I am from another country, and I got blessed by Georgetown University, AID, and MA Education Committee... And later Americans moved their business and jobs to China!!!! America, must return its own Industries, give job to American people, make good quality products with copyrights MADE IN AMERICA, and make business with Latin America and Canada, were American people expended their taxes investing in education, training and development, to help them, and to improve American's resources for decades. 
Now Americans have not jobs, they are importing bad quality products giving money away to China for it, and Latinos try to go to USA in worse conditions searching for something.  My best advice to American people; try, try, try, enforce, TO GENERATE LOCAL MICRO INDUSTRIES, "BUY AND USE WHAT AMERICA PRODUCES". Even if it is more expensive than a Chinese product, don't give your Dollars away, buy an American good product! (Your money and jobs, will stay at home).  If you need something from another country, remember the good democratic Latin American countries, with workers highly trained by USA, and with facilities already build by America there.
China build completed cities with no people living there yet. All with the money Americans buy from them, while in USA, there is not job, and no good quality tool to make a good job too! (This is the opinion from Somebody from Europe).
voters are always stupid, from all parts of the world coz if voters are wise then the world would be great place. Great guy versus guy with great smile..the smile always wins
Wow, so someone 30 years ago didn't see themselves hungering for something they might want 30 years from then?  That's fucking amazing, it really must define his character.  Can I use that excuse, too?  

"20 years ago, I didn't want to pursue power, I just wanted to be a Ninja Turtle.  But if the country is going to call upon me now to wear the color orange and say stupid things, I guess I'll step up".
Giant wall! Muhahaha! 🇺🇸🏭🗻🏩🏨🚧🚤🚁✈💩🚽 😝
Liberals make me sick. I'm not a fan of Trump, and Def not of Hillary. It's really sad that this is the best two candidates this country can come up with.
Ha ha, he thinks the "common" man loves him?  He has spent his entire career ripping off blue-collar workers.  He's accepted bids on work orders and then stiffed the contractors DOZENS of times!  This guy only cares about himself, his ego and his family.  He's a con-man and a shyster.
this guy's voice is like he just smoked 2 blunts lol
omg, in this video Trump sounds Smart, intelligent and very calm
but now he is almost the opposite to all what he was before 

and why he is not talking like he was before, it will benefit him in the election and boost his approval rating
Why would the video get Trump elected? We already know he is anti-establishment. He also says crazy ape-shit stuff all the time and is prone to more faux-pas than any other media figure in recent history.
Wanna make America great again? Dont vote for this asshole!
this is the stupidest fucking video I've ever seen you fuckin idiots if you think he's a patron
The world is and always will be ran by our God and our Lord saviour Jesus Christ. Just because they have manipulated and brainwashed most of humanity does not mean they have taken our kind hearts our kind souls. The good in humanity survives and they can never take it away. Ofcourse there will always be bad people but the good outweighs the bad. You see humanities true colours in dark times and tragedies. And that is only going to grow stronger. I am with you my Lord I am sorry for my sins I am sorry I haven't done more but one thing I guarantee my mind heart and soul will stay clean and pure for you eternally my saviour Jesus Christ. I will never lose that beautiful kindness I was blessed with and compassion I was blessed with and as dark and scary as the truth is I am humbled to be here today to stare this evil in the face and say I don't stand for that I stand for helping humanity for helping improve this earth God willing. And I know many other although brainwashed if faced with a choice they choose you Jesus we have just been misled but not lost my precious Lord PLEASE FORGIVE US, AMEN
I love his gravelly voice. It's strangely nice.
1. He did not really address any real issues, just superficially.

2. Even if he did, it was over 30 years ago, when he was young and naive. People change, specially with age. 

3. He may have said that just in case he actually decided to run, because he never, ever stood up, or became an activist for any mayor issue.
Does this even matter. I know people aren't voting for Clinton and if they are they are brainwashed. I am Australian we are with you America we see the corruption and it is in our country too. I mean they spray chemtrails over me almost every day in Sydney. I tell people they just say oh it's just the clouds or contrails. WHY AREN'T PEOPLE WAKING UP! I see youtube everyone knows and if you go to most people sites dismissing it they have a satanic page or links on their account.. truly scary.  Why is it that people who don't research just find you crazy and yet don't research for themselves. I want to do more Jesus I want to be a warrior for you on this dark earth but it is so hard.. it is so hard my Lord I am so so sorry I am not doing enough for humanity and you my saviour. I'm trying :(
Looks like the birth of a politician
I feel sorry that Americans have to live in Babylon.
President Trump 2016✌
https://www.journeyman.tv/film/6671 The truth about Donald Trump.
I accidentally gave this guy a view. Whoops.
He's so full of shit. I bet he's a CIA plant.
It doesn't matter if his views haven't changed over the years, they are still retarded.
So it's bad if Trump changes his mind 30 YEARS AGO, but it's perfectly okay if Hillary changes her mind every year and a half?  Dumbass liberals...
....I think Adolf Hitler said the same bull shit about Germany in 1939.
Fucking wasp
Yes, because we all still believe what we believed half a life ago
did Oprah get a plastic surgery?  She looked different back then
Time for the Goddess to reign, by any means necessary.
#FuckEmAllToDeath2016
See Trump is not just another waffling idiot, he is very consistent about beliefs which are clearly stupid.  If the "facts" serve his personal self interests, then he likes them.  If they don't, he denies they exist.  There's only one problem, Mr. Trump (and all of you who support him).  Facts don't work that way.  That's why they're called FACTS and not opinions.
POWERFUL LIKE YOUR STINK
WOW THAT PIANO REALLY PLUCKS MY HEART STRINGS
beta leftists
You're a joke, this isn't powerful, what a propagandist you are.
Lame, what a farce.
I gotta say he was hella charismatic back then but would I vote for him now, nope!
I was willing to listen till this idiot brought up the "King David" bible reference so we now know who his sponsors are... another fake show brought to you by the Republicans who can't separate church & state but use Jefferson, Washington and others to boost their religious views while playing it off like it is solely political.... shame on you
Trump was not invited to Bilderberg secret consultation. 
Clinton was present. 
US citizen can watch... it's not about democracy, it's all about mental manipulation
how was he against rich people if he had a small loan of a million dollars, lol
this asshole's voice is fucking cringing 😒
yo were you shot in the throat with a shotgun or something?
Trump doesn't flip flop? What horse shit. Trump flip flops all the time. How many times did he change his stance on Libya? First he thought we should invade. Next he said we shouldn't have removed Qaddafi. Lastly he said it should have been a surgical strike. Trump is a con man and liar.
if i am Legal citizen I to vote Senor trump !!
Briefly watching a few parts of this I now know what it feels like to be insane. Damn.
New Donald is like New Coke.
Trump changes his mind back and forth so so much I'm not surprised someone has been able to put together clips claiming he's "always believed this"-he's a political whore who doesn't have any concrete beliefs except the belief that's he's the greatest
"these people"... central bankers? Statist elites? Who?
OMG!!!!!! DONALD TRUMP LIKES WOMEN EWW.... O.o WHAT KIND OF MAN COULD DO SUCH A THING!?!..... XD
This guy sounds like he needs a shit!
So he's been consistent about not wanting to be president, is sick about the U.S. being ripped off, and loves his country. He may or may not be a good or bad president, but the fact that he has stayed consistent on his views expressed in this video does not prove that he would be a good president. The more important things as to whether he would be a good president are his other policies and stances.
I trust any guy who quotes Ghostbusters to get his point across.
this shit is laughable lol awwww do you hear that touching music....the feels man
Wow he just lost all my respect.
Sounds like young trump is talking about present day trump.. Little does he know
Young trump sounds more mature than old trump.
yeah he wrote a good article calling for the death penalty for the central park 5 ...years later they were proven innocent ...he helped fan the flames at  the time to get those kids convicted ..
I like 'young gay' Trump
Trump is just playing us all. http://www.ibtimes.com/donald-trump-explained-how-dominate-media-1987-i-play-peoples-fantasies-2218125
sounds kinda vague and disinterested.
Stupid fucking bastard Trump! Why won't you die already?
hes for the blue collar worker thats been spit on and dumped on and forgtotten!
Screw everything about this. Attempting to make that guy look better with a "touching" video. This campaign is a huge fucking joke. It's like picking between eating feces or slightly bigger feces.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP! THE SOUND OF VICTORY!
Shit you're very conservative
awesome
"breaks down how we're being screwed over" he doesn't break down anything. Donald Trump is 100% smoke and mirrors fluff. Good at only one thing, getting a crowd excited. He has no opinions or beliefs other than emboldening his own ego at all costs. don't let him spend your resources to stuff his own ego.
This guy Alex is just as bad as Donald trump. He speaks some truth but most of it is a distraction
wow he actually didnt seem like such an ass 30 years ago
BERNIE SANDERS! Vote for Bernie!!!
Excellent! Please go viral- for a good-night Hillary Clinton, and then- OUR ELECTION OF DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!
We must teach the lost souls, and awake those People from their sleep! For Hillary Clinton intends to take away our great 2ND AMENDMENT if she were elected President, which would then make us a complete powerless people, and it would also take away our only protection that We the People of the United States have for protecting against an internal threat of tyranny- against our United States Government. Which would then open the door for an easy entrance for the new world order/one world government. Where they'd then easily rule here in what would then be, our once upon a time United States Country. Where we would then have NO more Rights, and NO more Freedom, all being under the new world order/one world government- that would then rule over us with total Power here in what would be the once upon a time United States.
It's all real- and so we must awake and protect our Power of the People, protect our United States Country, and which means We must protect greatly- our great 2ND AMENDMENT! For our great 2ND AMENDMENT is the only thing that We the People of the United States have- that backs our Power of the People here in our United States!!! 
Again- VOTE DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!
That's not Donald Trump that's John Miller
Let me be the first to say it...Hillary 2016! I support her through and through, nothing you can do to change that. Let the hate begin.
he is anti miltary. just look at his 2013 tweet about rape in the military. he said what do you expect putting men and women together. ... you don't expect that..
Waste of time, junior blow hard host.
Wow this old version Donald Trump isn't that bad
a speaking frogg
I'm Australian and want to see Donald Trump get in just to see what happens.
This guy is SEOing all his products
Dont trust none of them, they all are evil!
He sounds like a 16 year old girl who was sexually abused
is this presenter for real so the world needs Trump so we can be fucked over my the USA like we have been since Hiroshima Korea Vietnam iraq Afghanistan. Nationalism is the root of all evil dumb fucker
vote 4 trump, "help us spread the word about the liberty movement"....wat?
so he have his heart in the right place, but on the other hand he wants to build a wall. those seem to be contradictions.
someone explain pls
The grand facade...so soon will burn
trump is right
You know trump is bad when you have to go back a few decades just to find like 2 decent comments he made....
Him being a racist and all that was just a gig to gain popularity and votes guys. His beliefs are on the contrary to what he says.
The United States getting ripped off??? That's like saying the big banks are getting ripped off by the poor.
he is not nationalist, he is racist...
You think Alex would not like Donald Trump.
Trump is part of the problem not the solution.
I can believe and after talk against. The real that we are watching that he is the real bad man killing and abusing from poor and inocent people. RACIST AND FRAUD!#!!
Jajajaja, you edited that videos and shows. I saw the real interview of one of them and in that interview in 1994 or 1998, he said in Opra's show he will be running in Party of Republicans because they are dumps who would believe all his lies and they like fox news. You are a liar. I saw the real interview!!!! You edited. And cut that part.
I'm not a audio I genera but everythime his mic cuts I feel tgerebly uncomfortable
Other people living like kings and we don't. Says the born multimillionaire, bitch please!
The more he talks, the more I understand that he has nothing of substance to say. Just listen to it, "This country will be better than before", "This country will make a hell of a lot of money from them", "We're making other people kings, while we're not". Anyone who have ever worked at a big company will recognize this non-speak of talking but not saying anything. Just a bunch of tropes of us against them, evil outsiders, making the country great based on nothing, etc. Americans should stuff kidding themselves about Trump, he's empty, cares only about himself and his profit, lies CONSTANTLY and doesn't really have this fabled business sense. No, he's not a terrible racist and bigot, he's just exploiting fear and anxiety of regular people who are most likely to vote. For him it's just a marketing campaign based on an image of a political bad boy. He's not that stupid, just a terrible asshole. Please, do not vote for him, as this will only validate real racists and assholes.
Drumpf doesn't even acknowledge global warming. He incites violence, is thin skinned, mentally unstable, narcissistic and a compulsive liar. He shouldn't have been allowed to have kids let alone run for president.
Arent journalists supposed to be neutral about politics? If a journalist is pushing a politician then they arent journalists, but a source of propaganda.
Vague politician statements and soft piano music. OMG HE NEEDS TO BE PRESIDENT!!!
If humanity wants to move forward we must have a one world order.
WOW....   if not donald trump, donald marshall!!
It doesn't matter who wins, as usual. Both sides are bought and paid for daily. It's about them not us. Glad I'm old!
Editing out the crap he said, such as his constant change of opinion on gun laws. Everything he says on here, is just opinion. I have opinions, we all do. Doesn't make us a good president. Sorry, but believing all politicians are liars and thieves, but a real estate billionaire salesman isn't is just pathetic.
Real Donald Trump evades taxes, charities, is a salesman so he knows how to sound like his customer, uncontrollable mood, and chickens out in a confrontation. 
Hillary is no better. Wouldn't be surprised if these two old friends are doing all this together.
he was charming back then lol
I'll just vote for Obama again bitches.
This is a journey of how hair becomes insane having to be so close to this shit
He says what people want to hear from him: nothing. Back then there was no content, today, there is no content...oh! excuse me, there is content, his foreign policy is building a wall to keep away the illegal mexican rapists... he will provide legal jobs for them most likely (think about it... who will build this wall?), let's build the wall of shame!!! what to expect from an overrated construction guy?
Whats up with the cheesy music in the backround? Making this guy sound like he is a saint. Laughable.
SUPREME COBRA COMMANDER!
Lol "he like women no one perfect." This host can say stupid arse stuff at times
Looks like he's just an arrogant shit who's been building a brand for years.
The hosts voice sounds so gross omg....
This is awful. Do people really watch this nonsense and believe it.  I am yet to hear Trump/Drumpf anything of substance. How is USA getting ripped off and by who? How is Drumpf going to fix it?
This NWO that this guy cries about, controls the very media outlet that he is a part of. You, of course, have the freedom to talk about it. On the same hand; we have NO control over how it works allowing the majority of us to even live. The political system died when media and bureaucracy joined to form a takeover. They sit back and watch the $ grow. If we aren't, truly, in control; who is?
donald trump is pro right to work...scumbag!!!!
Oh so I have been seeing the fake Donald trump ?
people change ya know, dickhead
It takes more than just "He's anti-establishment" to be president. Sure what he said was awesome, and if all the presidency was was not making America get "ripped off" then sure he'd be pretty good, but it's not. I believe Trump's a good guy, and wants what's best for our country, but I don't believe he has the political savoir-faire to do it.
walruses without tusks wear toupees now?

how relevant and utterly prehistoric.

people forget that when they get old they are gonna need people to help them shit themselves. 

And everyone's in for it for themselves and that's what's gonna kill us.

nm, A.I. is coming.  will wipe us all clean.  clean our dirty baby butts.
the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over with the expectation of a different result, this man has stuck with the same hair style for 40 years... it looked shit it still looks shit therefore he's a fucking loon
He can't even say president.  The preshident....schepratly....if you watch sheeee..n...b sheeeee....shushesful....THE BAD GUYSSSSCH.
I WANT TO HEAR HIM SAY SHE SELLS SEA SHELLS BY THE SEA SHORE

MAKENEWSGREATAGAIN
Yea, he likes women ....mainly his own daughter whom he would love to sleep with IF she wasn't his daughter ( wink, wink), perfect candidate for his hillbilly following. Amazing what the party of Lincoln, and Reagan has become , damn shame. And let the wetback border jumper comments begin!!!!
Of course he is. It's pretty funny that it needs the propagandist piano music. One video on youtube and people are automatically convinced = lol. Thinking is hard I guess.
now i am not saying donald trump is gay but i do believe he enjoys pleasuring other men in a sexual manner
wow and some american's wonder why people think there political system and candidates are a total joke. so all i heard him say was one thing "americans are getting ripped off" wow so inspiring, such leadership. sooo stupid !!
Cunt!
When they stop giving housing to people that do not need it, when they stop giving coupons to people that do not need it. when they begin controlling medication prices (like they want to do with guns). when they begin to help people that do need it and making school more affordable, thats when things will change. When they stop having so many conflicts and less racism, thats when things will change.
I have bad understanding. Can someone explain to me what he "Really Believes" in a couple sentences?
Trump said if he ever ran for President, he would run as a Republican because republicans are stupid, and they believe every thing they hear on Fox New, his words not mine. He also said he love stupid people, what a candidate.  It was amazing that he own children could not vote for him in the primary because they are registered Democratic.  Trump did support Hillary when she ran against Obama.
hes fucken stupid
💀
Didn't Trump and Hillary used to be friends? She went to a wedding or two of his. Now theyre supposedly enemies! Please. Politics. He will lose the race, and if she dont get carted off to jail, she will win the race. They should keep Bernie in the race, should Hillary debunck. I choose her or anyone else, over that loud mouth Trump, who dont know what the heck he is talkin about; deporting ppl, building walls, and that other garbage about the President. ISIS must really love u, Trump!!! Divide Divide Divide!!!!!
I'm taking a trump dump while watching this
Too bad Trump is no longer that eloquent, level toned man.
wow, I haven't seen this side of Trump. he's actually a decent man.
What a steaming pile of horseshit.
I remember watching the apprentice and thought to myself, " Hey, if a guy can play a cowboy in a few movies, then be in another movie with a monkey, and end up president, why not this asshole. Haven't you seen the Predator stupid, it spawned two governors; one who is a conspiracy theorist and another who can't say a sentence without me expecting a helicopter to be mentioned at some point.
anyone can post a montage of someones best moments to help a candatiate win votes , its called propaganda,  he is only trying to bring more money into the country he never said he trying to share it with everyone, blue collar jobs is modern day slavery , they replaced machines with the slaves and pay the slaves less to manage themselves, trump wants more plantations i mean corporation jobs, look at the whole picture not just how it might benefit you
It took a video from 30 years ago to prove where his heart is?
Obama banana is a coward.
I love trump.
Why is it the "cool thing to do" to hate Trump? They don't even have a good reason. "NO TRUMP IS A RACIST XENOPHOBIC BIGOT." Right. You get that from CNN? Whatever, good thing high schoolers can't vote yet lol.
and data is the son of Hitler
I love how every election cycle, everyone's like "the election's rigged, it doesn't matter who you vote for, the government controls our lives" etc. If you really thought that, you'd be doing something about it, not just ranting on youtube between jerking off and watching people play video games. I mean Christ, why do you people never actually do any serious research about world and domestic affairs? You think you've figured it all out, but you're just playing into the hands of whoever's trying to manipulate you, in this case Trump and corporate America. You always say that the government are the ones in control, but they aren't. They're manipulated by corporations just like we all are in America.
What if no one voted? Can we keep Obama then?
This dude sounds like Optimus prime
he put money against NAFTA and GATT?
so this DT guy changes his mind over 30 years, same whiney rhetoric.
I've seen this video and I love it. It's very informative.
Politics in america will not change for the foreseeable future. Americans are afraid real change , they think their freedom is always at risk , but they dont realize their own government is taking away your rights. Also the whole red scare is still there , where your taught communism/socialism is bad and capitalism is the greatest thing ever
How fucking old is this video? My god. People change for good and bad. Stop this shit where you expect politicians to be exactly the same. If someone stays the same after 20-30 years they aren't fit to lead anyone.
I can't watch him for more than 10 seconds.
Wow, so instead of being an ignorant asshole, intolerable, but still understandable, he's actually an asshole because he's forsaken the true values which he had once believed and lived by, which, in my book, is a thousand times worse. That's what evil is. When you know what you're doing isn't right, isn't what you really believe, but you do it anyway for power, or money, or prestige, or whatever else. I don't like Hillary. At all. But when it comes down to the wire, she seems less evil to me than Trump, so she has my vote.
they sure are, I'm sharing thank you for sharing
what the hell does this have to do with anything ?
Ugly son of a gun
if youre convinced from footage that is taken 30 years ago as evidence of his current agenda or plans, youre fucking deluded. He wasnt thinking about being a politcal anything thats why hes so cool and humble whem he started his success. infowars likes to pretend they are the only real media outlet with indisputable evidence for their beliefs but then use other YOUTUBE COMPILATION VIDEOS TO SUPPORT THEM. YOU GUYS ARE A FUCKING JOKE
Damn GOP.  Thats what you want representing your party?  The GOP is on its last legs and i can hear a death rattle. Enjoy the clinton landslide.
Donald Trump = King David.    H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S.
It is nice to see a more mild-mannered Trump. But hearing what he is saying now is infuriating.
same guy a vegamatic sales man
don't put a sad song  just to make him seem like a nice guy and Alex sounds like a f**** robot. what he said will stay in people minds forever. if he wins like people say, this country is a fraud , no wonder America is hated on and proving this country is full of racist that don't understand that the states aren't a white man's land that belongs to the natives and that Latinos were here first.
Seems soft lol
I think that Mr. Trump is a Democratic plant.
Right wing Republicans are so uninformed, uneducated in modern politics and in silos about their dumb beliefs.  The new Republican party is the new KKK.  Racist homophobes who want more guns, less taxes, and more war.  #JOKE
What a biased video they even included the "emotional" musical in the background as Trump spoke. Haha pathetic
How much support does D Trump give you, you are narrow minded sell out, Donald's fat stupid bitch. I hope you can live with the lies and fear you have and will continue to spread.
What's happening with country? What exactly do you mean Mr. Trump? Trump has no answers, no solutions, no worries, no problems, and no business thinking he should be leader of the free world. Trump is a con man who sells you a dream, but all you get is a nightmare. When he has a business that goes under, he'll cash in on the insurance. Or he can just walk away cleanly if he was only lending his name to the business. Trump only knows life as one of the 1% and couldn't care less about the average American. He doesn't want to make America great again, he really wants to get richer by selling America or collecting the insurance after he burns the whole country to the ground.
This video will not get him elected. The racism, close mindedness, and stupidity of the American people will. You people respect a rich-reality TV character who belittles others on live TV, more than an educated and sensible person. I really pity you people, your backward mindset will destroy your country and win you enemies around the globe. You are isolated America, wake up and change before its too late!
he's still a bull in a China store. international affairs?
if yall love him and are determined to vote for him, pray for the preservation of  his life.
I just don't wanna for the reason that it could be the president I voted for fucked up and turned the country upside down I contributed to fucking it up as well. who can you believe when it's the same snakes with two heads
I like that Trump said he didn't like the way this Country was going during the Regan years, that the economy is fixed for those that live like kings and average people ripped off. He sounded like Bernie!!! He was a sweat sounding guy with Opera, Now, he's a loud mouth blow hard that wants to give even more to the Kings and insults the average people. A true sociopath!
"He's a patriot." If harassing any non-white American is patriotic, this is terrible.
Of course this fucking retarded doorknob would support Trump
...live like kings? Yeah, ok.
What the hell was he talking about "the US being ripped off"? The US has always ripped off the rest of the world....everyone knows that! What a deceitful dude....
This guys voice.... It sounds like he is deep throating barb wire while penetrating his ass with a medieval mace...
NOTHING WILL STOP THE TOTAL SATANIC RELEASE!!!!!
donald will destroy this country
Very Smart Young Man!!! Always has been
FAKE ALERT!!! The latest in CGI technology can manipulate the mouth and voice to appear real on video. Disney does it all the time to animals.
#TwoFaceConaldTrump
i mean trump
Donald mp is the new hitler
a type of robert the bruce for the USA
Trump has been saying the same thng for years, yippie. If the solutions are so obvious why hasn't he come up with any?
Hilldog will always be darling of zion media.
this channel can suck a fat dick
this channel can suck a dick
I almost watched the whole video.
Make America great again.
So how is he going to change the fact we now produce nothing to export by which to make money
Actually, if this is the "Trump" then why the hell does he not say this stuff? I think the man in these clips is a good guy, but there is no doubt in my mind, that that man we see in these clips has changed. If these clips show the real him then why is he hiding his "true self" in his campaign? Seems to me if this is the real Trump then wouldn't he get more voters by being this "true" and better self? If anyone else has any thoughts then please post them I would love to discuss.
wtf he looks like Owen Wilson
Looked like a cunt then looks a cunt now lol what a cunt is trump
politicians can't fix this planet. its bigger than politics
I share the video on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+
Get the word out there folks! Trump can save this nation!
This host sucks, he's annoying and ugly. Why do people watch this shit?
A vote for Trump is a vote for Bush. The person who is responsible for this world war.
I vote Trump!!!
looks like a lot of commenters here read/watch the news
Playing softly emotive piano music over footage of bigoted hateful people makes them seem so much more appealing. I must try this with Hitler!
rush jr.
To judge a candidate all what you need to see is his supporters!, punch of racist red nicks and conspiracy theory supporters , lol that is damn funny
The EL-ite have done well to make American politics the laughing stock of the globe by entertaining the candidacy of trump.
Dur first
Ok i like this guy but he sounds SOOO much like mr puederschmit from family guy im dead
I'm your your fan but after this video I will unsubscribe you because you kiss ass for money. By the way, you still have some shit on your nose, please clean it before broad cast your shown.
what is different between minority demanding to be treated differently than a racist wanting to be treated differently. ...at least you know racist's expectation ...but minority is a punch on the solar plexus he does it because of color of his skin too
This guy could have been what this country needed until he inspired racism among our people. We need to unite our people, not divide them.
meh i'd take trump over clinton
Trump is NWO as it gets .wake up Alex
Americans, please get done and over with your vote, so we all can forget about Trump.
hahahaha lazy leftists are dying to get more free stuff. No no people, you are gonna have to work.
get the hell out with that piano music in the background lol
I will tell you now ... Trump will not win cAuse he fingers his b-hole.
how is he not  with the burn?
Hmm...  His daddy left him almost 50 million (300 million today), he doesn't pay his bills, he's been bankrupt 4 times, he's on his third wife, he uses race baiting to sucker the morons... Yeah, what a great president he'd be!!  lol
Another dull-minded Trump spokesperson.
Alex and Trump 2 idiots alike
PROPAGANDA . Phony heartfelt clips and enigmatic music, nice touch.
who are these nutters?
So why don't you dig up the part of that same Oprah interview with Trump when he says hes not a republican but would run as one because they are such brainless idiots?
That's the Trump I would vote for... not the man now.
Yeah but the rest of that Oprah interview is pretty messed up. He says he would run as Republican and just go on Fox news because everyone who watches fox news already are idiots and just believe everything they say. Which I kind of agree with. (Kind of). But he says he'll just lie. Which he may have been joking but it still raises a flag with me. I'm so divided on so many things, it's a really hard. And by that I mean part of me thinks he's good and part of me thinks he's full of bs. Just like all the presidential puppets. I just don't want to be fooled again. But thanks Alex for all the interesting media. I'm a fan!
man just STFU ALREADY
really good propaganda
I'm getting tired of all the shit that everyone lets everyone else get away with. People are desperately grasping for straws by going DECADES while everything Hillary has been constantly doing and is doing means NOTHING. People need to look at the big fucking picture and be more self aware of double standards. All I hear are "mean things" trump says that ALWAYS turn out to be out of context or exaggerated. If you insult trump I can almost guarantee you it applies 5x over with the ONLY alternative.

Warmonger? Check! Liar? Check!
Alex, you are crazy if you think Trump is anything but a demagogue. You have diminished yourself. I despise Hillary Clinton but if the Republicans don't jettison this unstable fool, racist fool, I will vote for her.
lol Alex is trying so hard to make Trump sound like a genuine trustworthy guy. Looks like a 12 year old made these arguments....How many republicans are going to fall for this liberal running as a repub? it's funny how identical Trumps campaign is to Obamas in 08 and people don't even realize it.
It appears Trumps reptilian eyes were also clearly visible durring his younger years.
Dump Trump, America is great .
Donald Trump had the same agenda 30 years ago as he does now.He was chosen to be the president,that's why he's gonna win no matter what,Hilary Clinton is just the other obvious idiot to basically just hand the title over to Donald.We're fucked no matter what that's why these mass shootings are being set up to happen so they can disarm US.Our rights are being stripped from us one by one until one day every aspect of our lives will be based off what the law tells us to do.The UN is projecting in the next 10 years that there gonna have to 3D print 150000 mud houses per day to keep up with "Global demand".Hmm I wonder why,goodluck everyone,but I'm sure you'll still follow there games no matter how much truth slaps you in the face.Fucking idiots
Donald Trump had the same agenda 30 years ago as he does now.He was chosen to be the president,that's why he's gonna win no matter what,Hilary Clinton is just the other obvious idiot to basically just hand the title over to Donald.We're fucked no matter what that's why these mass shootings are being set up to happen so they can disarm US.Our rights are being stripped from us one by one until one day every aspect of our lives will be based off what the law tells us to do.The UN is projecting in the next 10 years that there gonna have to 3D print 150000 mud houses per day to keep up with "Global demand".Hmm I wonder why,goodluck everyone,but I'm sure you'll still follow there games no matter how much truth slaps you in the face.Fucking idiots
what I can not comprehend at this point is why anyone seen or otherwise would vote for Hillary. what on Earth is this woman ever done for this country? She claims she's all for women's rights and then she takes tons of money from the Muslims. she claim she cares for our country , she left four innocent men die and Libya. I defy anyone to name what she has accomplished
Huh 😏😏😏
#VOTEANONYMOUS2016
He might be a son-of-a-bitch, but he's OUR son-of-a-bitch!
there is so much propoganda being spewed out recently
Trump has one goal... "money"! 

enough said!
The Rev. Jim Baker was telling his flock to vote for Trump.
Holy shit this is more biased and fake than Fox News.
wow didn't even post the link to the original content.
Skipped through to find it's a 20 year old video. Nothing to see here folks, just clickbait
Im a Democrat and Hillary supporter but Trump has balls
Youre  crazy
I swear, presidential elections are getting worse and worse every time. I remember back in the 80s and 90s presidential candidates would run their campaign with dignity, now it is nothing but smear campaigns and name calling. Sometimes I wish I could just gather legions of armies together and just take The United States by way of conquering and just label myself as his Imperial Majesty and Dictator for life. I would FORCE America to get on track, or else I would have people flayed and crucified publicly.
Good lord who is this host?   Looks and sounds like a huge bullfrog who smokes 3 packs a day..
How much trump paying you to suck his dick and swallow
The clip shown here doesn't illuminate anything specific, or even new, about Trump's beliefs. "I'm tired of how the country is being run" is akin to saying "I get angry sometimes".
Just remove the slow piano in the background that's supposed to make him sound deep and sensitive and he sounds just as air-headed as he does today, except he's somehow become unhinged and is saying whatever crazy shit that now seems to pop into his head - like ban all people who are of a specific faith (HOW? stupid), build an impractical and pointless wall along 2000 miles of the border, deport millions, that judges of Mexican descent can't be impartial toward him, blah blah blah... what crazy, embarrassing thing is he going to say next? He sounds like a buffoon every time he opens his mouth.
Simpsons
You just replayed an Oprah clip for no reason.  Show the damn progression!  The failure is exactly why I can't listen to you.. good luck with the idiots... if they go viral
So, he's not getting elected, because this dumb video is not viral. LOL, and Chuck Norris at the end of this video.
can't stump the Trump
there is a reason the koch brothers dont support him, whatever else I might not like about trump that is promising.
#BernieOrBust 

Looks like you all busted. Hard.
Sellout piece of shit
you gotta be fucking kidding?? He's an embarrassment to this country.  Bigot, crook, homophobe, if there are any sensible people left in this country, he will not be elected.
Trump 2016
By the end of Trumps first term, all the other countries will be ignoring the professional politicians and looking for a  real leader like him.
You're an idiot your conspiracy theories are ridiculous and unrealistic. Anyone voting for someone with KKK members and White supremacists should be ashamed.
This guy sounds like hes seen some good whiskey
0 policy substance... Holy shit how shocking
DEATH TO THE WHITE RACE
this show has become a joke.....
This is a joke. If you are American and believe a billionaire in the whitehouse is going to make changes to benefit you, you're an idiot.
TRUMP IS OUR SAVIOR
I can't wait for trump to win so the americucks get the destruction they deserve. Dumb sheep thinking the US can be saved lol you belong to israel.
....I'm beginning to take a shine to the Donald
Trump could be taken serious if he didn't make racist comments and alienate himself from blacks, Hispanics, and other non whites. I think most people know that he is wrong attacking people like the federal judge but I guess if you vote for him you can't say he is wrong for certain comments. no matter who wins we all lose!
Trump 2016
I hope he gets elected, and after he fuckes the US the Republicans will be known as the trash they are.
what a bunch of horse shit..
OK, cool, but  the main reason this guy is pro Trump is because he direct him where  he can his sweet tupe.
Hitler in a orange costume 😂 #Makeamericaracistagain
Hillary rules!!! Live with it, Rednecks!
wtf I haven't watched info wars in like 2 years and come back to seeing you guys support trump? Lmao. Let me just back away slowly.
voting gives you the illusion of free choice.
lol. haters . go trump. hillary should be a prisoner and the world's largest business should be run by a businessman with some balls. not a dusty lying vag*na
Say goodbye to your FREEDOM and RIGHTS when Trump becomes president ... SMH
but he's really stupid in this video as well?
Alex . Ur close minded .
The thing is people are becoming very very stupid. They're fighting each other literally over politics. I've seen trump supporters and Bernie and Hillary supporters attack by one another. What has the world come to. People don't understand that they're also corrupt like some politics. We need to focus on more important world issues and our own countries issues like drugs, illegal imigrants, terrorist, global warming, the worlds resources and other people violence around the world. We need to fix it. The people need to work together.
Don't worry guys i'll be the president in 30 years from now and i'll fix everything :D
man he's gotten so mean over time.
put some smooth music behind Hitler and he will be re-elected
Man, liberals are flooding this channel. Too much triggering going on I'd imagine.
the big multinational corporations are gonna rule the world anyway, like they have done since the dawn of human "intelligence"
WTF is wrong with this guy's voice
There's no real content in any Trump's speech in this video. People are impressed by him because of his self-confidence about winning, and doing something about the USA. But nowhere in this video I see him suggesting relevant ideas. As always. It's sad.
This is obviously from years ago... Can you imagine if someone posted your opinions from years ago? Wow
I don't think this is new. Just saying.
keep up the work infowars
is this Fox News youtube channel?
I remember back in September, 2015, this guy was ranting about people fleeing the country in droves, that "something big" was coming, FEMA coffins, get a gun, etc. What a quack!
"new" video more like heres old video clips we strung together trying to make him look as not crazy as possible so our party doesnt collapse.
Your talking bout the same guy that wants to cut back on school fundings and CPA funding.
he's also said he was a democrat....
King Obama Hama for a 3rd Reign !!!!.  .IN YO FACE CREEP  !
I love how people call each other ignorant, also how people talk about Trumps political standpoints over the years. This is where ignorance truly shines. Whether you are or you are not a trump supporter, as a business man who is out to generate income to maintain a profitable business, you would be on whatever side of the fence you needed to be on to generate revenue. Trump is not a politician, so how can people say he is republican or democrat? Does it matter what side of the fence he was on 30 years ago or even 10 years ago, Everybody here has flip flopped on several issues in your own lives, but because your not a politician and just a meaningless sheeple nobody cares. Fact is TRUMP is a self funding millionaire or billionaire i don't care. He is not a lifetime politician like all the rest that have run this country in to ground. Trump is not the problem, the problem is our government and the way it is ran ie. senate and the house. We gave the left 8 years and look at what they did. Mexicans wanna talk shit about trump and so do blacks, hell even white talk shit. But lets look back at the last 8 years and someone tell me a policy that OBAMA laid out that truly benefited those so called Minority groups. Not a damn thing. 
Here is the funniest thing about the democrats and their whole steal from the rich and give to the poor scheme. It is aweful convenient that they write themselves out of bills they pass so that they don't experience tax hikes but others do, like their own supporters.(again let the ignorance shine) Look at OBAMA care, many politicians are exempt from this piece of shit legislation. So keep up the good work people and keep judging others because your to ashamed to judge yourself.
Quite funny looking at all these comments, either way the rich will get richer and the poor will get poorer
WOW !!! was this BEFORE THREE, 3, III   Wives ?WoW !!! was this BEFORE calling women FAT PIGS ?????
Donald Trump is NUTTY...you honkieDONK Idiot NUT !!...nice try tho.
He's got small hands.
Trump2016! #NeverHillary
This guys a huckster. It doesn't matter if he's always said 'America is getting screwed', what does that even mean? He's a nativist, all of our problems come from 'the other', it's either Mexicans causing all the problems or Muslims. If it were two hundred years ago, he'd be complaining about the Indians not getting off his land. 'These Indians are hording all of our land people. I'm going to go out there and get some land. It's going to be amazing people. I'm going to grab so much land from the red skins, you're going to get tired of so much land.'
Trump 16!
This video....Biased
Trump is a fucking maniac and if you vote for him you support terrorism.
It's funny how so many Republicans fall for such a con-artist. I guess he must be real good one. lol
This man lies through his teehte.. i would think a "investigative" reporter like yourself would do more investigation then just you know eating out of this man's backside.  check out the 1991 whats the deal documentary that keeps on being taken down as a scam. ..Thats the real trump not this bs you phoney's keep feeding the public.   Remember Circumstantial evidence is far stronger then what someone says. Because people lie. circumstantial evidence doesn't.
If he is President then I predict another JFK scenario!
This Alex dude sounds like he is taking a dump from his mouth, maybe is because he only vomits shit....., all this edited videos won't hide the fact that D.Trump thinks that a white hat and pearl handle pistol grips and a John Wayne attitude is going to fix all problems for the US. V.Putin and the fat kid from N. Korea are endorsing him??, they know what will happen if D.Chump wins the election and are salivating about it..., it will be the US vs the world...., hopefully we won't get to see it and if we do.., we deserve all we're gonna get from the world.....,
I hate politics
So where's the link to the whole video???
Hey bud, you seem like a big fan of Trump. How do you feel about his denial of climate change so that more money can be made off fossil fuels?
When I look at Trump I see I See HOPE, I see the LIGHT! We need this man! God bless Donald Trump!
Feel very confused when I look at this channel and I have not even had a drink.
Another "Why trump should be president" with try hard sad/touching music LOL
What is that song?
We have Nigel Farage in the UK. Somebody who speaks his mind and the liberal media try to smear him. What's happened is that he's just been telling the truth and people who are not brainwashed know it. 
Donald Trump is similar. 

I don't trust Hillary one bit.
The 2020 republican primary candidate will boil down to either Hulk Hogan or Kim Kardashian.
Thruth is, that Hillary is a Wall Street puppet, just like Obama, Bush or Clinton. If you leave Wall Street in control of everything, you are and we in Europe are done, this planet is done. Everyone's going to be a slave stuck in the Matrix much worse than the Matrix we live in right now. Question is - even if Trump wins and is not going to be a clown of Wall Street, military-industrial complex and Fed. Isn't he going to end just like JFK did? Look anywhere else in the world, how people end up, when they refuse to sell their country for cheap to the so called "western democratic capitalists". Mess everywhere. So many countries in war and poverty. Humanitarian bombardments in Sudan, Syria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq, Ukraine. Liberty is a joke and democracy as well. We need to get it back. But how? Let's start with studyin' more from all sources rather than listenin' the mainstream media only. Brainwashing is powerful.
This guy has a face for radio...why the hell is he on youtube?
This dude is a weird ass motherfucker.
Make America Great Again.....last 30 years America's jobs were outsourced and low wage jobs became the main income for many Americans...Making Japanese rich,then   Indonesia ,China, ,India ,Mexico Rich !! Remember 20 years ago China's roads were filled with bicycles not cars, now they all have cars and live a great life....America is converting to bicycles, not great !
Trumps birthday tomorrow....
Consistency 👌
wow look it how gentle and soft spoken he was. What the HELL happened? He even seemed intelligent. Now he's become loud and lewd.
sometimes I wonder if he's associated with the KKK?
" It seems like the country does better under Democrats." - Donald J. Trump
Why would the fact that he doesn't want to be president change my stance?
how is this what he really believes? hes just young here
Go Trump 2016🇺🇸
Unsubscribed. Hippocrates
Trump is bigging Hllary up, wake up goons!
Stop pausing after each sentence it makes the video drag out and seem boring
He says its the same guy, so that would be a democratic Trump not the Republican psycho we see now
Not going to watch it, this is from like 30 40 years ago, by the look of him. Where you the same person 30 years ago, with his experience , travel, acquaintances, and money? Every god damn person has lied that been in office, this guy say alot of good things, why is no one talking about free trade? that is why there are not many jobs, that is why the debt is going up, less tax dollars from the public, you bunch of fucking morons, Trump is the answer, if you can not see, that if free trade was somehow stopped, and we went back to the way it used to be for manufacturing, I am talking about goods, not farming , mining. I am talking about Detroit, and why they make no cars there anymore?Government bails out the auto's, they take that money and invest in Mexico, taking the jobs. and the ripple effect. and all anyone has to say about trump is, he a racist, he hates women, no he is not, he hates idiots, and he doesn't care if he breaks your feelings, because, he is a little sensitive, you broke his first. Trump2016  motherfuckers!
what happened to the stock market crah. plz answer
If Hilary gets elected our country is done.  Period.  We cannot endure another 4 years of failed policy.  Do I think trump is the best candidate? No.  But I really believe he wants to make this country great again.  Why else would he go through this?  And put his family through this?  There would be nothing for him to gain.  I love how he speaks his mind.  And most of what he says is the truth.  Whether it makes people mad or not.  Why do you think the media is trying whatever they can to hurt him?  They are really afraid of him stripping away their power they have held for so long.
disgusting man i fear for america and the world
wow a tear dropped from my eye.
Where's the interview from early 2008, where Trump sounds like Bernie Sanders? Super, super-liberal. The DNC would not have run him, he was so liberal. Maybe he WILL win, but I don't know who you'll be getting. No one does. Maybe even HE doesn't know.
went to the infowars.com page and looks more like mass marketing.... where do i find the video links?
What's with all the dislikes??
To you folks that say you're not going to vote, you are playing right into their hands! Do I believe the system is corrupt? HELL YEAH! But I'm still going to vote. You yahoo's that are telling everybody to not vote are part of the problem too.  :-( 
People shed blood for the right to do so, don't lose it!
Trump is part of the group that he said has bin stealing "from us" (You) they have set the people up again. They live like Kings, and we are not???I love the TAXI driver.. right! When is the last time he took at TAXI!!
How can you be for Trump?  He's for the surveillance state and the police state. How is he going to deport 11 million people without creating the largest police state in the history of the world?
Is this really what he believes or used to believe?  Because now he just sounds like a joke.  And he changes his story just as much as any politician.
if it comes to be between Hilary and trump, I will vote trump
Trump!!
Trumph is a false flag candidate who 100% supports Hillary
that music can male the devil look innocent
This is unbelievably biased. You can put all of the overly-emotional music you want behind his speech, but for everything Trump says that is remotely "patriotic" or "powerful," there are 20 more narrow-minded, xenophobic, bigoted comments. Im no fan of Hillary either, but trying to get behind Donald Trump for president? You might as well polish a turd.
you and your video are full of shit
I see the same miserable bastard crying wolf for over 30 years.
America has progressed so much in that time and this fool is still shining the same sad song.
Trump is the man
What Info wars? Aren't you the guy, who makes up stuff and says things without any evidence or facts?

Like Michelle Obama is a man? This is called being a liar, and if you want to intentionally be delusional then that makes you a dysfunctional person.

You are a person who simply can not be trusted.
Is it just me...or in the interview with Oprah Winfrey....he looks just like the actor Owen Wilson.
Trump is a fool and anyone that follows him and his racist rhetoric.
Easy solution: Vote for who you side with at www.isidewith.com Gary Johnson and Jill Stein are fantastic alternatives.
I, for one, am fed up with our once great Republic getting ripped off, and hijacked by the Federal Government! ENOUGH BULLSHIT ALREADY! peace<OO>{
I saw the original video. I loved it. The fact that this man's beliefs are consistent proves that he is a good egg for the job.
I know this channel is just the outlet of a loudmouth paranoid-schizophrenic college dropout redneck modernday snake-oil salesman, but godDAMN that studio of his gives me the BIGGEST tech boner ever... man, I can only imagine what a tech boner his tech guy gets from being able to mess around with that setup...
Drumpf is an ignorant narcissist.  He's unfit for anything, including dogcatcher.
A 30 year old video doesn't explain all of the retractions and double-speak from Trump from timespan of this video's recording and the present.  The fact is that he's all over the place--and has been for years.
Why has Donald Trump not been showing this face to the american people over the extent of his campain so far I don't get it?
Trump is the man, period!!!!
Pro Trump propaganda.
Goddamn. His hair was bad, even when it was real!
VOTE TRUMP !
this music's racist
Trump was brought into the presidential soap opera for Hillary to win.
After the first gay black president follows a gay woman...
Let the show begin!
Trump over the years became a dillusional, and a mental that is offensive and a dangerous not just to the US but the whole world.
This guy sounds like he's constipated and trying crap out rocks!
TRUMPS THE MAN
how is this the real Donald trump ? is it the music in the back ground ?
donald trump and all of his followers can suck my motherfuking cock death to all of those pigs. us is gonna dissapear no matter what
I think there is no question he is the better vote than Hilary but that doesn´t make him a good candidate
Everything is staged. The elections, this show, everything.  #yourgovernmentlies #nasalies #theworldisstaged #followthetrillions #chemtrails #911truth #weneverwent
Anti New World Order? The New World Order is corporations running the government, chumps.
Trump will never become president! He can't handle it, evidenced by how well he treats people. Not good...
all staged .... Everything.
Trump was a registered democrat until 2009, used to support Hillary, and abortion. I don't trust him, he is a vain peacock. As far as money trump is not stupid but he is not gifted either he was born with money and connections. Considering he was born with a huge advantage his growth as a businessman is not impressive its average. Just google how trump compares to other millionaires and billionaires and trump is on the low end of the spectrum. However he is the last shitty option of this election and Hillary would be worse. I just hope his 4 years go by quickly.
So he has the same views as he did years ago? Based on that we should vote for me, or Eddie Murphy. What a dumb argument. His views were meaningless trite then and still are now. Did he mention any wall 30 years ago? Nope. Just rambling nonsense about how he doesn't like what's happening to the country. Like all politicians.
why should i bealive someone that was on a non successful fake "show" with Jessie Ventura ?
Franco, Mussolini, Hitler & Tojo were all Nationalists also .
Well, as to TRUMP being a woman hater etc.?  His having been reported as a ladies man sounds to me (logically) as being a bit of a contradiction or just plain stupid by these half witted ,,want to be men,,celebs such as Whoopi Goldberg & Rosie O'Donnell . Not to leave out unattractive to boot. Could be that these she devils just hate the fact that he finds them repulsive? Hah hah..But I know I find it quite amusing. But seriously; he has changed as far as not   coming off as soft toned in speech , but who can blame him? I know if I were running I'd most likely come off as abrasive considering how the liberal media is literally up his behind. And how it angers him to see our nation being destroyed by the NWO.  Also it is quite clear that no matter what a decent candidate proposes there will never be a time when everyone is in agreement with them. Like that old Ricky Nelson song goes:::You can't please everyone :::
basing his beleives off 30 years ago
is pretty retarded
Just like, Trump University or even Trump Steak's !!! He Win's ...
I'm scared if I vote for trump the establishment will come after me I'm a liberal and a Republican I believe in the Constitution and I'm tired of seeing what's going on with our country I'm tired of Republicans and Democrats getting rich and committing so many crimes against humanity they should be held accountable for everything that they've done and all of their criminal activity
I'm not for a Trump, nor Hillary. But Trump remains the same. Hillary is a flip flopper. Bernie was my choice.
Didn't King David get 70,000 people killed from doing a head count?
Love the Bible nuts. Even they can't defend their own stupid religion.

Donald Trump hasn't changed in 30 years? Well, being an asshole was his thing. But he's been a proven liar as of late.
Hillary is terrible? Trump donated to her. Trump placates to whichever groups sucks him off the most, and cries when you call his daddy a monkey.

Maybe every candidate sucks, but trump is a 5 year old.

If being ahead in polls made a difference, then Al Gore would have won. Electoral College. Delegates. The system that has been around for a while.
good to know but the original creator of the video should have been linked in the description
This is 30yrs ago he is nothing like this person in the video now he is a very angry, bitter, and unhappy person would you want someone like that with his finger on the button???
lol at the dramatic video, also title of the video is a click bait
America...vote for this guy he's much better choice than Hillary...with love from India
I don't agree with him 100% but I give him respect for sticking to his guns.
damb he was always fugly
idk...... People change though
Alex Jones=a poor man's Rush Limbaugh. Still garbage.
Trump is actually a really nice guy
YOU ARE ALL BRAINWASHED SHEEP.
If he doesn't wanna be president, why is he running for president? kill yourself please
Lots of misleading information in this video.  

The thing with Donald Trump (love him or hate him), is he says things on both sides of issues, so if you go back far enough you can find him saying things that support most people's views.  He seems genuine usually (although somewhat of an asshat/pompous).  

Hillary Clinton is NOT the better option.  The media is actually reporting that Hillary is slightly ahead of Trump in polling (not crushing him like INFOWARS implies)... but Trump has a great chance to win against her considering all of her issues and insincerities.
Please prove me wrong but if Trump gets elected 1 month later you will see in your blogs/ads may be even news feed "Nostradamus/Vanga predicted a man who will win in the election vs woman will start a new WW3/Antichrist". If Clinton gets elected you will see "Nostradamus/Vanga predicted first US woman president will destroy US from inside, she will be a new Anticrist"
Come now, he speaks in generalities on these clips. He used to be a Democrat and a liberal.
Who ever watches this POS channel is in a sad state.
Yep same guy,  give no info on how,  just that he thinks he is the best...
i believe trump is on our side, just like i believe hilary is not.
The music played during the Trump clip is.... "special".
The music is too loud in the mix in that Trump video.
he seem so innocent back then.
LOL.

Now Trump is the one running the 'no great brain but a big smile' campaign.
You just can't take him seriously.

Basically he's against NATO, the UN and most trade agreements we've made.

This is the same Trump who shipped in Polish laborers to NYC to work on his construction sites and gets all his Trump junk made overseas.

Trump is not a man of the people, judging him based his actions, NOT his words.

Did Alex just say Trump's multimillionaire dad was 'blue collar'???

The same kind of blue collar dad who gets his rich son exempted from the Vietnam War??
trump=fuckin right winged republican piece of shit
Fade the part out where he says he would like universal healthcare,that would make him a libtard wouldnt it.
Didnt he say a few weeks ago that he would totally deregulate wall street.
People change. 30 Years is enough.
He's a good man.
Hillary and trump are both crooks!! This election was premeditated!
His answers are as shallow and vague as they are now. Only difference here is that he delivers them without such brute fervor. Here, he is charming and soft spoken which gives one the illusion that he has principles. Sociopaths are also quite charming. Make no mistake, electing Trump would be a bad idea. Not that I'm for Hillary, or Bernie for that matter. Either way, we're fucked.
Look up his epic flip flop on killing sadam and gadadfi he's a idiot. Oh and his wall is going to help him make money off taxing drug trade. What a conservative
This must be a Christian.....Trump is a monster
This video is so biased. As well as the entire channel
You all think Trump could win, because you all don't know how elections are won. A person needs 270 electoral college votes to win the Presidency. In 2012 Obama got 332 votes to Romney's 206 votes. Most of the states are solid republican or Democrat. So, it's more than likely that Hillary is going to win the same states Obama won. In fact, she could lose more states then Obama and still win, but check this out, Hillary could actually get LESS votes and still win. If you all learn what the "electoral college" is, you will see that is almost impossible for Trump to win and yes, the Hispanic vote will be the biggest blow to Trump.
"NEW"
He didn't run back then because I didn't pay enough. No business opportunity. Now that all the peices are in place, middle east destabilized, pipelines almost done, jobs are all gone now all he has to do is tax corporations and lower min wage. Notice he says they'res people that can get the job done. Dirty mob hits.
may I remind the masses that a secret organisation may take decades to set up a deception: the 'Fabian Society' only works this way, and its major aims is a single SOCIALISTIC world government. It is my belief that there is no single man who can improve the problems in the world until ALL people believe in each other first.
LOL You've fallen off the deep end. These videos have absolutely NO SUBSTANCE. Now pull up some old Ron Paul videos, those have substance and actual intellectual value. This is just rubbish and trash. He said nothing but that he's tired of seeing the country running badly... woopideedoo!
DONALD TRUMP IS FULL OF MORE SHIT THAN ANYTHING ELSE. Again another video of him talking alot and not saying shit...
HAHA look at the cock roaches scurry to discredit Trump, his track record and him as a person. I read through the comments and have to chuckle at just how desperate the establishment is to need to employ so many shills. "The Donald" has them shaking in their proverbial boots, and the shills are afraid of losing their parasitic income. 

Is Trump going to be perfect? No. Which president was? What he will be, is infinitely better than ANY career politician who has only worked within the system THEY have created, bringing this nation to the predicament it is in now rather than living up to their oath's and doing what is right for the people of THIS nation.
0:49 a long haired hippie
Donald trump is fucking shit! ... But that piano music...Please take my vote
Germans are shitheads
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Stop playing that God awful music in the back round.  Christ, I want to jam a pencil in my ears...
this guy needs to get off his knees and take Trump out of his mouth. NeverTrump!
Shared for Trump
shut up crazy pig

shut up crazy pig

shut up crazy pig

shut up crazy pig

shut up crazy pig

shut up crazy pig
I didn't hear him say any thing about the NWO. And the videos look dubbed. The voice recordings don't match they mouth movements. if he has always been such a an anti NWO guy,why are you having to dig hard to find proof?  It should be right on the surface, and a known fact for all these years if it were truly the case.
There is a large and growing group in Europe that is totally dedicated to destroying any influence Trump might have outside this country....stop trump international..This group is demanding that their governments ban Trump from  traveling to their countries and to break off diplomatic relations with the USA should Trump be elected. This has gotten financial support from me and many of my friends. If you have any sense of patriotism. .please send funds to this cause.
I am Swedish and I hope that Donald Trump wins. We need to turn the wheels.
he was cute when he was younger
Just another rich guy as president. Surprised infowars are pushing anyone to be honest :P
Donald Trump, before he was orange.
a viral video is not 27 minutes long
thanks for sharing your reach for that great message ! i love that so much that u don´t give a F*** what people think
trump not getting elected. Would you trust him with his own set of nuke launch codes?
where is  the  movie about  the last  30 years Trump? couldn't find it on Info  wars
This question is to Alex:  USA is the strongest country in the world with 300 Mill. population, Many great personalities and geniuses at so many levels and fields, You mean to tell me there is no body else in this Country to run for president except a confused fanatic and a lady....with all respect to miss Clinton...?
Looks like Trump actually takes his meds once in a while.
They had to go back decades to find any kind of decent video of Trump not being a psycho.
look at the white owned small businesses he ran out of business.  they built his casinos then he refuses to pay.  I'd like to see him pull that shit with china.  prob through war.  I already know the supporters don't care about minorities.  only care about giving money to Dylan roof.  this video means shit he was prob on acid during Oprah interview.
I am Muslim, I am black but I think Donald Trump represents the real American values.
I believe if he becomes president and see the full picture, he will do what is best for America.
You're fired!
"This video will get Donald Trump elected if it goes viral"

Click-bait
hilliary is a dirty old lesbian who loves to sleep with butch types and loves to take a dildo up her loose pussy.
The small brain and big smile crap he's talking about is Trump 2016.  80's Trump is talking against 2016 Trump.  Hilarious.  He's a Lowest Common Denominator person that appeals to Lowest Common Denominator hicks.
Take your meds Alex, the Bi polar is apparent
Can someone tell me if Alex is controlled opposition or not? Im really lost
people like him that dont know the feeling of losing get soooo overwhelmed by defeat that they kill themselves and other major shit...lossing in your life and being on the bottom sometimes gives a person different strengths...facts
when he says NWO I really hope he's talking black and white and not that wolf pack bullshit.
The TRUMP Train is UNSTOPPABLE.
lol how old is this video? we have presidents and candidates that say one thing before the election and do the opposide once they are in power...
It is a damn hard job to not be called Racist in America.
If he wants to win why is he offending so many people? Campaigning is basically a big job interview and you need to behave in a professional manner or you won't get hired.
Stop promoting this sick minded fascist, this is exactly what the evil ISIS is looking for.
Such freaking racist should not be given any power..he is disaster for the US and the whole world !
Trump is a chump. he's  it a conservative and he's giving real conservatives a bad name. all 3 candidates right now are new York liberals. there is no good choice
the music makes it all seem........I don't know...........BULLSHIT and CORNY
God damn your voice is destroyed from... smoking? something? it's horrible lol next
Where's the link??? There is way to much spam at the website. All I want to do is watch the 27 minute video.
This is bs.

1. People change in 30 years

2. Trump lies alot

3. Trump lies at interviews like ALOT.

4. Just because he says something in an interview its not what he truly believes.
i honestly would have rather have trump be president 30 years ago than today just because he's seems like he'd get more shit done back then than he would today. he's trying too hard to say america is going to be one of the greatest countries again if he's in office today but let's jut be honest here, America wont be as great as it was back like 100 years ago.
Donald trump eat it 👍
he literally said nothing lol. he kept saying the same run around things with absolutely no specific details. truth is the guy loves to talk and can do it well while also not going anywhere at all with what he tries to get across
Yeah...he used be a democratic, this was then....
The media was bought off by Hillary. Just look at the screw job they have given Bernie Sanders. In fact the ONLY candidate they continuously speak well of is Hillary.
I support Bernie for the same reasons you outlined in your Trump video namely sticking to the same believes and views for decades.
I do NOT even remotely agree with Trump's views and I will NOT be voting for him.
That said  NO matter who you support it is important that they stick to there  beliefs.
That vile woman  does NOTHING but flip flop her views and endlessly lie!
White ppl are all illegals, murders and rapists. They all have blood in there hands. Remember you're history people.
tired of seeing the united sstates beeing ripped off???????????? TIRED OF THE US RIPPING OF OOOTHEERS! The world is fucking tired of the US ripping of others.. how can you be so ignorant and stupid? yes you are fucking stupid ..from portugal to finnland , all europe fucking believes you and your retard trump clown are stupid.. and he is even more stupid than anyone else in ur government..cant even imagine our cancelour merkel shaking trumps hand, makes me wanna throw up .. if trump is elected the "yankie go home" voices will rise thousandfold in germany and other european countries
It's interesting to note that in the present Presidential race, all you get in the media is fragments of Trumps sentences. and never whole speeches
Obama and Hillary REFUSE to keep us safe...they just keep making more excuses for RADICAL Muslims...we need Trump NOW...
Corruption started since adam & eve, why would it be any different now...
trump!!
It seems really obvious to me now that Trump appeals to a certain kind of people. The  kind who like to be told how to vote. The kind of people that believe his great big fat lies because they just don't like 'snooty democrats'. The kind of people who are racist in their hearts because they fear change, resent others doing well. The kind of people who are unhappy and hate everyone. The kind of people who will vote for a man who can't string several sentences together and ducks debates because he's just not that bright. The kind who don't realise you might be better off with an intelligent, fair-minded, level-headed person who doesn't need to call people names to win an argument. The kind of people who will vote for someone who's lost millions and lied about it, dodged paying his taxes and lied about it, gets his cheap crap made in China and lied about it? Then he lies about what he's going to do to make America great. He's lying because shithead greedy businessmen like him have already ruined America by sending jobs abroad and dodging taxes and lying about how wealthy they are and pandering to people by telling them what they want to hear. I feel sorry for you all if he gets in because, you will not be able to find your way back from the utter disaster he will make of a great country, because he's dumb, and a bully and spoiled and doesn't know jack about how to run a country or look after poor people or working class people. He doesn't care about any of you. He certainly doesn't care about disabled people, or sick people or homeless people, or old people, or women. He thinks you are all fools, he's that egotistical. He doesn't love anything except his fat greedy, spoilt, stupid, racist self. If you don't get that he is just telling you what you want to hear and if he gets into government, none of the rubbish he's telling you he will do will happen because it can't. Build a wall? Stupid and costly. Throw out immigrants, what, starting with your grandparents? He's a dumb jackass with nothing to offer except his empty promises and none of you will get that til it's too late. Good luck America, you are in for a rough time with this idiot in the White House; when you realise too late he's broke and will try to cover his bad debt with your taxes and jobs go down the tube; and people lose their homes and families fall apart because of his lack of any policies about making this country work and he ends up sending your kids to wars that his sheer ignorance and racism will start. See you in four years when you will want to lynch the fat idiot but he'll be untouchable in some other country.  Be careful what you wish for....
Lol, but where's the video of trump saying that if he ever were to run, he would run as a republican because "they are dumb" and would believe anything he said
Changing times, unchanging heart.
Draft dodger,mob connected,scumbag zionist
Failed buisnessman,failed familyman,small cock
This man's voice is as ugly as Trump's face
This is top notch comedy
But I'd like to see trump as president, I'd love to see the long term damage happening before our eyes. the moment he becomes president is the moment America stops being a world power. Business and politics are 2 different things,
There are videos too of Obama and his wife being a racist.  So what's new.
So who are "those people" he is talking about. We the Mexican people?
Yeah Donald trump will never be president, this is the exact reason we have an electoral college so mindless worshipers aren't sheeple to an idiot fascist. this is the only time i support the electoral college.
LMFAO!  Ghostbusters reference less than two minutes in.  You're my favorite nut Alex, you sir are the best.
He will be the best president since Ronald Reagan. I haven't always been conservative, but one has to grow up and be an adult.
Obama and his wife are anti - white racists and so was mo ali  What about them?
Most """"modern"""" racism is anti-white racism  From the street level and right up  Racism is evil but it`s far from just being whites to others
Nice work keep it up!
What happened to you??
Trump chumps
Let's fight, riot, revolution.
takes in deep breath through nose I smell libtards
My biggest issue with Trump (aside from his insults) is that he is promising "gold and green forests", but not any of his plans on how he is going to get to that point.
What I mean by that is that he says he wants things to change, he wants to make things better, but what he does not say is: Change for whom? How is that change going to be implemented? What are the intended effects of the change? How is it going to impact society as a whole? How will it be financed? Why is it necessary?
TRUMP 2016 !!!!
terrorizes the world through evil
HITTLER IS THAT YOU ? NAZI ALIVE
So, you think that just because Donald Trump said that he doesn't want to be president, but thinks he would be a good president - you think that will make him a guarantee?

Of course Donald Trump thinks that.  He's an insufferable, arrogant narcissist.

This changes nothing.
Holy shit you are a piece of racist paranoid freak. Im not American nor do i want to be. The rest of the world believes Trump would be a danger for the world economy and world safety. The last republican president fucked your economy big time or did you forget. But that would be inconvenient for you to report. Does your channel deliberately ignore facts for profit and subscriptions. I think so. Ignore the facts you piece of shit. Let him destroy the American public and watch the American Allies leave in droves.
Trump: The first president who requires full body armor 24/7
Over half the time in these videos he's attacking the Republicans from the perspective of a Democrat because that's what he was. It's convenient that those parts are left out.
SKIP the FRIGGIN' COMMERCIAL "BULLSHIT", GET TO THE POINT!
I wanted to watch this, I tried- but I couldn't get past the host. That voice. Wtf. Made me wanna throw up.
You sound like a mix of Donald Trump and Filthy Frank combined
unsubscribed! ffs have eyes i know your republican but go all the way to defend this prick??? jesus
Dude donald used to be hella dope that sucks lol
im not right wing, but anyone who supports hillary over trump is a moron
Even then Trump was for America 110%.
"And he loves women just like king david; nobody's perfect" LMFAO bruh
As a democrat i cant vote for hillary. I wont vote for trump either but hes unfortunately the better option. Hillary is a criminal, a liar; a flip flopper on her stances, and will run our country to the ground. The country is run like a business so a businessman has a better shot. Both are awful but shes worse. I find majority of people voting for her are doing it just cuz shes a woman. Not cuz of her stances. Just cuz of her gender. Shes being bought into office. sanders rightfully deserves the presidency but was destroyed due to false media stories and poll manipulation. We should all be ready for a revolution and prepare accordingly. The usa as we know it is fucked
Maybe he's not as bad as I once thought...
We need Trump as President, but we also need our civil liberties.  Please sign the petition to stop the ban of guns!  Seriously, we cannot let them take our guns! Ihttps://petitions.whitehouse.gov//petition/save-our-second-amendment
This host is a moron.
so trump was supposed to hit clinton this monday, and suddenly the worst shooting in American history occurs.
they don't want the truth to be president
Trump is a Zionist Israeli puppet.
Monica for president!!
Trump is a fuckin bird GOOF, and he isn't fit for office! POINT BLANK PERIOD
hahaha I almost want trump to win to see how fucked up america will be in couple years
I like Trump.
Every US president except one has been a descendant of King John of England. Yes, lol, same greedy king portrayed in the Robin Hood tales. Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, George Bush, Barack Obama... All descendants of that same King.
All this boils down to 1 thing, Donald Trump, like a lot of our candidates - mostly Republican but not just - just consistently and constantly say things. They say these things without evidence, without understanding or emotionally and people eat them up. In the video Trump makes vague statements, nothing really specific. What's his belief, precisely, that hasn't changed in decades? The man is very changeable. Stupidity elects these people based on words alone. That's the American tradition really, we elected Reagan, a fucking actor, to the highest political office in the country. Making a mockery of it, I know, I know, Republicans still think he was uniquely qualified. 

So what's the fix to our country? Stop being stupid. This fixes all things, I assure you. Electing Trump will not fix the underlying issues with this country, Trump is running for himself first and I don't even know where America ranks on his list but it's an obvious tag line to use. I know the man, he's not terribly difficult to understand to be honest with you, so I do not believe him.
I'M FOR TRUMP. 2016.
you need to shut up and just play trump speaking. Just intro each video, BRIEFLY, and the play the video.  You are detracting from the video by talking too much.
30 years ago I believed in Santa clause, 15 years ago I believed in true love. oh how my beliefs have changed as I've grown and matured.
What a stupid show
Don is right....votre for him!!!
how many morons are focusing on the music and not the message?...answer: only the shills
Merica
Sell out. You ve lost all your credibility... If people ever believed you craziness . How do you sleep at night? Sellout
This is stupid you can't know the real trump by a 10 min video tv can make everyone look like a nice person and the music they play omg 😂😂😂😂 please. Just stop.
CNN has more gay losers than Paul Ryan. Opera was overpaid.
wow that last part was pretty gay
Believed*
I USED TO DISLIKE DONALD TRUMP, BUT I REALIZED ONCE HE BEGAN HIS CAMPAIGN FOR PRESIDENCY, THAT THE MAN IS ON POINT WHEN HE SAYS HE TRULY WANTS TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. TRUMP FUNDED 100% OF HIS CAMPAIGN, HE DOESN'T NEED THIS STRESS ON HIS LIFE, THE MAN IS 70 YRS OLD, HE COULD HAVE LESS STRESS BY NOT DOING THIS, BUT HE WANTS TO CHANGE AMERICA, BECAUSE UP UNTIL NOW, ALL THE OTHER PRESIDENTS HAVE SUCKED!  OBAMA SUCKED AND LIED THROUGHOUT THE 8 YRS, BUSCH JR, SUCKED ALSO......AND ALL YOU PEOPLE VOTED FOR THESE GUYS,  HAMANOIDS ARE SO STUPID!
What about the Bernie Sanders poll a month ago. Trump is an evil manipulative racist man, if yo can call him that. He is just crook just like the rest of the establishment, and did you add the enduring music also.
Take out the music and this is a completely different video
ISIS is a product of the Bush administration and they're lie.
Talk more about the lie that got guys maimed and killed, and sent the military on a wild goose chase in Alshitistan.  The Bush administration used 911 as a window of opportunity to invade Iraq, saying they were behind it.  He stole the first election, then dumb fucks voted him in the second term.  Bullshit on this video because Donald Trump is also on air being asked which party he would choose if he ran for office.  He said he'd be a republican because they are the "dumber" party.  I can't believe you're all this dumb.
I fucking hate this dude for fucking defended trump. His fucking voice sounds like my grandpa moaning while having sex!
Guys! Guys! It's 2016!



Trump 2016 to be exact.

Bite the pillow, Daddy's home.
this is just a show its isnt a reality show no more because it just cares about money now
I'm Hispanic I'm voting trump
this piece of shit is getting paid by trump thats why he's been riding him as much as he is its insane how money can buy ppl
Trump trump. Trump👍
I thought this was an anti trump video until about halfway through... 2:24 is possibly one of the creepiest things I have ever seen.
God Emperor Trump* Please be respectful.
But he's insane!!!!!!!!!
so he tells this shit for 30 years now? and this man said he probably won´t run for president??? sometime???
Hitler hosted the Olympic games in Germany and the ENTIRE WORLD attended. a YouTube video with sad music definitely doesn't hide the monster within him
He didn't really say anything
Donald Trump is a pathological deadbeatLYING piece of shit.
America ripped off by the rest of the world??? What kind of delusional idiocy is that... America is the biggest imperial exploiter of other countries assets and wealth...
I guess that check cleared, huh, Alex?
Isn't this when he was a democrat. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Wow. I never realized that Trump was such an asshole!
lol, 1980- sounds ok, 1985-sounds ok, 1990-sounds ok, 2016-stands on a stage and acts like a 5 year old. first time in my adult life, after voting in primary, won't be voting in the general election.
Trump: The best immigration policy of the bunch. He's the only one now wholly owned and operated by the donor class.
Utterly brainless moron with a baby dick.
Im very open minded and trying to see the pros of trump, but really, a wall across the entire southern border? that alone seems so impractical its hard to take him seriously...
bullshit!
This is a very powerful message to voters.
Perhaps Donald's friend, you know his "African American", maybe Donald could show us some snaps of the golf course he took " My African American" to, or an interesting interview on his private jet, sharing a table with Trump to discuss their kindred spirits, and lack of continuity, flip-flopping, on the minuscule policy his campaign has ever suggested, perhaps mention a point of view that he hasn't chased till his benefiting from doing so, (racism, banning Muslims, abortion and deportation of Mexicans) only to switch for the perceived maximizing of his appearance of approachability, to a different swaying alternative portion of the electorate.

Even one idea that, he hasn't multiple times within small, (and at the reading age, of a less than average, 2nd grade children's vocabularies) depressingly (dim short word rich)tiny sentences,

You want to know what Donald wants, 

no.1 $
no.2 For you and everyone who can't see him for his faux wealth, to belief that he is wealthy, so $.
Young trump looks just like his son....could you imagine 8 yrs of Trump, then 8 of his son.....hell yeah !
if for a long time Trumps lawyer was the same guy who was the lawyer for the local mafia heavies - he is part of the new world order...you dont get to be a billionaire without being part of that system
Clinton got 15 million Vote, Trump got 13 million.
Because you know Alex loves men, and as he says .."I'm not judging him", as is so obvious that it is a factually evidentiary true, with his somewhat disturbing obsession with Trump, what's with the strange long, focusing shots on his gaze, at the beginning!?

And yea he is a liberal? I don't know if you remember all the "Liberal NWO agenda" you've been spewing shit about the last few years, on your, so called, informative, info-wars.

Look you dumbfuck's, I don't know if it's a side effect of your " super male, alpha testosterone, boosting, semen strengthening iodine" but how easy is it to see the reality of Trump? Very easy!

Where are his friends that are lower in economic status then he, how about some news about the disgusting gun toting morons, blowing away young girls, and men, just living their life's, with all there prospects of future and fulfillment of their dreams, sniffed out, by tools of death. Notice mass shootings don't feature shotguns and single shot, scoped rifles.
I really like the title of this video. It doesn't allow people to judge the video before seeing it since the title doesn't reveal your opinion on the subject.
Wow!  Love it.
He claims to be a Christian... Kinda.
We need an anti-communist to rescue Europe from the EU. I hope Donald will save us from the EU, I believe it will make America great again.
his body he cant take care of himself very well he needs to lose weight so he can atleast show us he can control just that before we hand him presidency
There is something terribly wrong with the voice of the man who hosts this show !
hellarious clinton is just an absolute CUNT of a thing.  You silly yanks, you vote her in, she will end you all...
That fucking intro though...
Ebenezer Scrooge in real life...
BABABOOIE BABABOOIE HOWARD STERNS PENIS
if your voice had a face i would punch it. fet tour tonsils fixed
I honestly had to pause this after 10 seconds of the trump part of the video... The sympathetic, emotional music is distorting the trump clips...
oh america will not be ripped off anymore i would not stand by and watch it i am tired of how it's been run and it needs change blah blah blah u americans always ate that sht up.. they all do this sht politicians the lot. well done you  fans must be proud huh behind a racist idiot.. lets play the racist card to get ahead to the table in the white house knowing how many of racist idiots are there.. been that way from basically the beginning  probz.
guy's an absolute joke.. a complete racist fuk. you are all blind and just clearly as racist as this dumb fuk
why do u think liberals hate donald trump? -.- he is just personality that attracts people but in terms of policy he aint got shit..he flip flopped on everything man
I look sooooo sexy in this video.
Trump is just as much a corporate NWO as any politician , He was friends with Hilary ,he actually said he'd run as an republican because those are the stupidest voters....the other side of the coin is still the coin ...Trump is corrupt ...
Ok...So a question for the NON racist Trumpers. Would D Trump support martial law?
This video has been out for almost a year.. So behind the ball Alex.
how is anyone duped by this sickening propaganda -
So what he's saying is that he wouldn't run for president except maybe he would and the U.S. would be better, blah, blah, blah. So this is the same nothing he's been saying for 30 years. Yeah ... great ... not. What Donald Trump really believes?  Nothing, apparently.
XD Oh wow I can't believe how consistent he is with his vague and very general and bland statements! If I was retarded, I would be very impressed I guess, let me prove it: Just read the comment section!
srsly wtf is up with that drama music
At this point I don't trust him still. I'll still vote for him, Hillary scares the he'll out of me. if 'evil girl' is elected America is over. hopefully I'm wrong about the Donald.
he's the real life richie rich
So, simply saying you are "tired of seeing whats happening to this country" (whatever that means), for 30 years, is admirable? Thats it? That makes you a worthy president?!
If infowars endorses a presidential candidate then you KNOW some mind fuckery is afoot
Some of you need to know that nearly 1/5 world's population is muslim. If you think that many people or even the majority of that many are terrorists you're retarded.
Will they change Hump Day to Trump Day?
the original video of course not this review of it
Yay I watched this when it first came out
INFO WHORES
People change....
This is the first elections that little kids get involve ahahah
Its just one more particular world view which will go ahead and try and stamp out all of the others..  Its not going to end in peace, never can never will.
Share this video
Trump, Da smooth talking bullshitter! LOL!
He's talking to the ignorant masses, like the Oprah crowed!
Other people getting rich on the US gov! Haha!
Trump's campaign sucked..  It'll be funny if he gets elected and then actually does good by the world.
Sorry I am writing in Ted Cruz!  The only way I will vote for Trump is a Trump/Cruz ticket!  I can't stand Chris Cristi!  Trump is too full of himself.  He acts like a 3 year old!  I will be writing in Ted Cruz!
The real  Donald Trump wants to bang his own fucking daughter! yes you are right he likes women :D
Ron Paul would win easily if he ran as a libertarian. Enough ppl understand what's going on now.
Why does Alex keep playing up Trump?
the real Donald Trump is a patriot through and through...I have nothing but admiration and respect for the Don, hes more real than any Pres youve ever had....and the slander is just incredible from the media. should be a red flag for you americans as to who the president makers are afraid of. Trump also identified americas real and most pressing issues...and thats wide open borders, a huge and  influx of radical muslims, an overwhelming influx of illegal mexicans with no skill and low morality, such a huge melting pot of different races means there is little to no consensus amongst its civilians that can effect any policy changes, the government meanwhile is stripping away your constitutions and america is so divided by so many issues, gay issues, racial issues, class division, and at the same time is distracted by entertainment, sports, video games, smart phones etc...Listen to the what the Don is actually saying, dont fuckin pay attention to the obviously propagandist media!!! fuckin wake up and think for yourselves!
This guy portrays himself in the current presidential race as a huge shitbag. But I'm not gonna lie if you take away a handful of the completely idiotic things he has said then you have a great anti-establishment candidate that would really mix up the political arena and that's exactly what we need. But just for his "Big Bad Murica" attitude towards things (literally admitting that he would be fine with killing innocent families in the middle east) he still has the potential to be very dangerous.
The REAL Donal Trump is a racist and wants to build a wall.  Period.
You're showing old videos.  The claims and positions he takes now are not the same.  He doesn't even talk the same.
I don't get it, what are other nations taking from America, how is it getting ripped off? :D This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. America is the one taking from all over the world, America has been a king living off other nations since it was founded. :D
Trump 2016!
The message I take from this video is that he doesn't want to be president because he would rather focus on self comforts. Playing piano over his footage is pretty cheesy.
Just because he wants what is best for America doesn't qualify him for the role. We all want that. Once again Alex is pushing his agenda with weak points and uses reinforcement to drive his point across. Trump is as qualified to be President as Average Joe.
there was no content then as there in no content  now. Americans seem more compelled by emotional clips with piano background than by political content.
Drink a glass of water
I remember in the late 1980s when Trump was married to Ivana and was having well-publicized affair with Marla Maples. Adding insult to injury to his wife, he bragged to the tabloids that Marla was the best sex he ever had. Pretty tacky, but no surprise now that we've all gotten to know him better. That was three wives ago. The real deal you say? Republicans in congress impeached Bill Clinton for having an affair. But now Trump gets a pass while being a complete dick. It would be a national embarrassment were he elected. Fortunately, I think a majority of Americans are smarter than that.
What a crock of shit. When was that shot ?1975? BS! Vote for Trump of you can expect more massacres.
lol, gee, now I'm convinced he'; a swell guy!
Everybody on here acting like these rich cunts really care about ya'll? Give me a fucking break lmfao.
Trump followers = cult of the living dead.
This guy just sounds just a tad bit biased. Just a little😂
legal mexicans for TRUMP 2016. VIVA LA TRUMP !!
I don't get my hopes up any longer! Maybe Donald is the real deal and maybe he is just playing his role. Who the hell knows? Maybe he'll pick Ron Paul as his running mate.
2k dislikes are democrats
spoiler alert!! Mexico has a wall on its southern border. those racist bigot mexicans! how dare they?
So basically you want us to forget what he is now?  What he thinks and what he's said?   NEVER
Alex is an idiot just like trump and hillary, you americans are delusional, you don't understand shit.
I'm a Mexican American whose parents immigrated legally and If its between Trump and Hillary I'll vote for trump all the way. I have always voted democrat but Hillary cannot be trusted with our country.
The reason the establishment the Democrats and the Republicans the right and the left hate Trump . They don't think they can control him. The Democrats and the Republicans want a one world order. They do not care about you and me all they care about is themselves getting rich and holding on to their power , look at the presidents the Democrats and the Republicans put up every year it's the same people it's the same group. They want us to hate one another so that they can do what they want to do which is destroy America, one thing I do believe Trump does not want America destroyed he wants us to be great again . He needs to get in there and burn it all down , let us know really what's going on we need a president that's working for us not Russia , China and the other nations . Nato , NAFTA , European Union , we can go on and on and on .
Why'd they cut all of the liberal stuff out of Trump's past?
Yea he is saying the same things.  Empty platitudes.
Trump migjt not live up to his promises and things might not change, but that's certainly better than a criminal or a literal communist as president.
Trump is a con man, plain and simple. He flip flops on the issues and stands for whatever is politically expedient for him in the given situation.
Isn't he the one living like a king while others don't.......
Trump OWNS INFOWARS ITS CLEAR. JUST LIKE OPRAH ( BILLIONAIRE) CUZ OF TRUMP. LOL US ARE JUST IDIOTS. CUZ OUR OWN GOVRMNT..
you fools should not vote at all you putting a person up like he GOD you goofy stupid people the white man is the devil dumb people the bible is against voting
I'm gonna vote for Trump anyway becuz of his plans, NOT A FUKN WALL, OR RACIST PEOPLE CALLING HIM RACIST.
ITS GUNNA BE HUGE!!!
Why don't you analyze what the quisling currently in the white house has said?
Eat shyyt and die
Cherry-picked editing could make even Hitler look like an angel.
Trump "believes" what ever will make him money and move him onto the next 'big thing'.  He's a capitalist.
that presenter sounds like he has been chokeing on cocks all his life
Drink bleach. Please kys.
Haha. Another fat white nationalist endorsing DT. Damn, you guys make him sound like more of a Nazi than he really is.
I hope Trump wins. But they will probably rig the election for Hillary. Obama will do what ever it takes to get her in office. Obama the (reality tv star) president.
Damb Alex i used to have respect for you thinking you are helping inform us little people but you are seriously a sell out and part of the establishment. There comes a time when you should walk away from something that you can no longer give to, i can see the stress on your face and the change in your voice. You have given over to money and power. I hope that people realize this and look else where for real truth. We do not need more exaggerated false flag crap!
If Trump ran for presidency back then, he'd already have served as president. All of these politically correct people and young people who think they are going to save the world by sharing something on Facebook have too much influence these days, even though they are a minority, and it is all because of social media. Social media is a very powerful tool and it fools a lot of people in to believing things when they should be trying to make up their own minds by doing a little research.
The final pieces are being moved ......Check mate fools....
Jesus loves you.
It's from the Oprah show, it's no secret. it didn't "surface". nobody ever had a reason to look for it until now.
what fucking morons you guys are deceiving your self and walking behind trump like cattle repeating what he says
he supported Hilary in 2008
It's a shame that Alex's presenting is so childish since it takes away from Trump. 
I thought Alex wants to be taken serious. I am European, and see what happens in Europe, which is gong to hell due to out of control Islamic invasion, caused by the self-hating, liberal lunatics. Trump is the only leader who actually stands up against Islamification of the US. The recent events show how timely it is to take a long good look at Islam, a political ideology.
He hasnt lived like a king? others have?? Im so tired of seeing the united states getting ripped offx4 what are you really saying Trump? I hear a whole lot of nothing
you just can't get it right can you?
number 1: before even watching the video it's not a new video that has surfaced...you just found an old video. it's like the movie black fish that's about whales. at least there aren't spelling mistakes
except that twitter proves that Trump is a baby.
in the past 30 years. you can only find a few speeches/interviews where he sounds like a good guy. I can give you 50 in which makes him look like a piece of $hlt. this is just sad.
I'm all for trump but This Alex guy needs to stfu and let us watch the damn video
we just need someone capable to do the job
If I want it to go viral post it on YouTube
this video doesn't prove shit. all he is saying is the same repetitive shit he says today.
It's sad how not all white people are bad but it's because of people like trump why some white people hate other whites as well.
for me everything comes with a grain of salt but I only see a big business CEO and a woman who wants to abolish the 2nd amendment in don't see any one who is of the people or bottom 95 percent
He could believe something else different tm. He can't make up his mind
donald trump is a joke..
Not impressed.  Stupid background music makes it sound even more stupid.
GO TRiUMP!
Lol listen to this without back round music and doesn't want to make you cry as much.
I'm sure trump is a good man to the ones he relates too.  if your rich, white or a combination of both you'll be fine. trump is not the answer for all of America because in part America doesnt relate to itself. America needs healing but there are too many who dont want to heal
since when was liking women a bad thing
Are you feeling it now Donald
Trump
2195 dislikes?? I wonder who is disliking this video soo much and why are they subscribed to this channel if they dislike the content soo much??
Donald Trump is nasty guy done!!!
>hillary is a woman
>wins presidency for women
People change their minds all the time.
Trump 2016!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You and Glenn Beck Should fight on: Not Celebrity Deathmatch
this dick! put it in your mouth
Jesus for president
Trump is a true hero. I love him.
the only proof would be in Larry kings archive because I doubt any one deemed it worthwhile to record back then I know I didn't and Trump has enough money to pay to keep it barred besides there all corrupt any way the last real president we had was kenady that's why they killed him
Trump and Hitlary are owned by the same Zionist cabal - opposition is an illusion
Trump and Hilary have the exact same goals - maintain the current and quickest path to a nuclear winter and/or put all land underwater from pollution.
I wish this guys larynx would just get it over with. Trump literally says nothing in this compilation. Waste of time.
"No one is perfect, but his heart is in the right place."
I think so, I mean if it comes to Trump vs The Cunt, Trump is the logical choice, so no one needs to feel torn over this anyway.
faq no
I wrote a comment then deleted it.  It won't help anyway and I'm not going to waste anymore thought.  If you really believe that a man who has never held public office, not even elementary school president, should be president of our country, you are a dumbass.
you ignorant prick sounding like you fucking support his fascist ass you fucking asshole.
1, 420 million subs, 420...
20 years ago, i was a shell of what splendor i am today. we change, our opinions do aswell... i cant believe this bullhorn is still popular in media.
Nope. Don't give a shit.
Trump doesn't talk about anything other than business and money. We are human beings. We are more than business and money.
Drumpf 2016
Make America racist again
Him being president was his retirement plan the whole time.He took advantage of his media appearances to do so  and now, his investment is paying off that music is there to trick u into being sympathetic.
*old video
This actually looks like real news now... It's not, but it looks the part.
shill
Break free from polarity.
Why was Tim kinidy in the end
If he talked like he did back then instead of yelling all the time he might seem more presidential without having to us a teleprompter
It's all bull the media only says what it wants to say not the truth. It's always been that way. Trump is a much more honorable man the what the media portrays him to be.
If we tax imports more, who does he think is going to end up paying for them? He has plenty of money, why would he care.
he met with kissinger lol he is part of the establishment quit listening to this fucking fat piece of shit
Oh please. More media spin, especially with the cheesy music. This is sending America into the next world war, if not, the next civil war.
Hillary is the real Racist. I am convinced Trump has a heart of Gold.
People need to realize that if you say something in the past it doesn't mean you necessarily still feel that way now. Times change, people change, if anything things have gotten and continue to get worse so don't believe a shitty video from years back. People try to cover there own ass, he's a business man.
If they didnt feel threatened by trump they wouldnt have spend all that time making him look like a racist in their medias.
this is not new you fucking faggot
He wasn't my first choice at all but he sounds so much better than Hillary. Trump it is.
Who listens to this fool?
You should interview Donald Trump...
If trumpster wins he said he will celebrate with close family only starting with going raw into his daughters ass
what I took was his hair has always been bad
I feel like I have schizophrenia or some shit, not being able to discern reality, propaganda,etc. I NEED help.
Not the same person at all
I'm so glad to be South African ✌
this is an idealist channel, right?
What you fail to admit is that there is not one thing consistent with what he says.  Well other than the consistent way he changes what he says from minute to minute. Oh.  And how he refuses to pay the small business people he hires to work for his huge businesses, just because he knows they cannot afford to fight him. That in itself should be enough to not vote for this man. Do some fact checking on this guy before you jump on the bandwagon people. If you think he is going to work for the everyday American, you are sadly mistaken.
he wants me out of here even though i was born here on US soil. according to him im an anchor baby
God help this country if Princess Hillary gets elected.
I had a seizure watching the intro.
Hillary was Rockefeller Republican before Democrat.
Look up "The Hillary Clinton Tapes" and go to 1:45 - This was the case where she defended a pedophile who raped a 12 year old girl. The worst part: she actually believed he was guilty, still defended him AND managed to get him off the hook.

What do you have to say about Hillary's morality now?
this was also from years ago bumbass
what he really likes about the republican party is the racist part of it.
her doesn't like black people or minorities
This host is more annoying than an ass tumor.
it's true Trump says there are better people out there for the job but sadly not there ain't none rn. Between Hilary and Donald if I had to choose one and although I'm more of a Democrat I'll have to lean more to Trump's side.
he is just another guy running for president all talk no action
hey Alex was that music necessary during the Donald interviews?
If i was an American i WOULD vote for Trump! As an outsider looking in, Trump is what America needs.
That does not sound like the trump we  have been seeing. If this was how trump talked now i would be more likely to vote for him.
Trump...  A man who walks the walk and talks the talk!!  Respect to this great human being!!  He is just to smart and too ontop of it all to loose!  GO TRUMP!!
Positive Feedback Loop (Too much, too fast):
 The way population is ever multiplying, resources depleting, and excess manufacturing/consumption of junk-wasteful products is going lately; mankind is likely screwed no matter who is elected... 
Trump can't stop Nature.
Donald Trump wants to be in a business that gives him personal satisfaction and convenience for his lifespan. he will continue to distract everyone from the problem as long as he is benefiting.
ted
I actually watched him say it  I am not going off what someone else said you ass
Lol, promote the sickness much? Wow. This is America?!
The video would be better if it had a parallel with the clintons and all the bullshit they say over the years
lol this video is to make him look good? He can sniff my ass hole cause he's scum. This isn't the real Trump and besides this is decades ago. And people options change over time. So this video is irrelevant. Besides America is slowly heading the right way, but if he does become president it will be set back 50 years. If Hillary becomes president there will be some growth but slow. Obama on the other hand got America back up on its feet.
How does this video prove his beliefs haven't changed over the decades? They change every time he talks, whatever racist shit or apologies for racist shit his current audience wants.
this crap isn't convincing anyone on the fence to do anything 

oversold
A video that has more views than your entire channel, and you're saying you're gonna give it 50 million views? god damn...and why is this recommended to me again? I've never watched any videos on the blowhard side of youtube
What Donald Trump really believes? or What Donald Trump wants us to think he really believes?

because looking at him in this video and looking at him now......Those two people are two different people.
I'm a native born n bread New Yorker n this fuckin trump is a MORON. You're all getting played by the greatest reality TV salesmen star alive. Youll see in time. Not a hater just know this NYC pitch man.
I could certainly do without the syrupy music though.
#alexjones before yu speak again check ur fact trump hates on women on war vetz #McCain on us citizen everyone but himself grumpy old fart #cruz or sanders heard he was around with MLK Id ride for sander
not like anyone one would believe it anyway having said that I do think he would be better than Hillary Clinton though
You typical trumptards swooned with romantic music and short video clips. I'm guessing most of you also believe the earth to be 6-10k years old and take the Bible literally...smh
He seems like a nice guy... In clips from 30 years ago..
no I don't have a copy of the interview  and the part about being a prick is not word for word but I do wish I had a copy I would post it for all to see
Do Americans take this presenter seriously.? he seems deranged.
Trump is a Genius !
was fit 30 yrs ago i can admit it im latin he seem he was an educated man happy wanting to help now he a grumpy old fart
1k + dislikes. Wow the left hate free speech lol.
trump is not a steady person in his word, and he insights violence and hate- not blatant, but i know when i hear a "white is better" type energy.   I"m not a hater of Alex. i have listened to Alex longer than most- even supported Ron Paul's run.  i just happen to see (for myself) the logic is better with Mr Sanders- he's not a scary guy.  Yes we each love our favorite cantidate- and despise the establishment.  I've been a supporter of Alex and would do an interview with him.  i do have songs even i made for Alex's show long ago.  The one time i talked to Alex, he said i sounded like an interesting person.  But really, we didn't have a long enough conversation.
haha only people with low IQ would fall for this sales man.
Trump has been through the fires of recessions and tax reform that broke thousands of real estate investors, and not only has survived; he has thrived. He won't give up; he is amazingly resilient! He gets knocked down; he's right back up. All Hillary's ever done is parasite off the rest of us, while being protected by the state, as is still going on until today. Take your choice! A Parasite or a Producer!
Trump is a genius. His looks at his smart idea to sell steaks at Sharper Image. His brilliant idea to build a wall between America and the greatest tunnel diggers/builders on the planet. Some skeptics might ask how he plans to build a wall through the Rio Grande. You know, that giant river on the border. And some may ask, how is the guy who's filed bankruptcy for 5 companies he ran into the ground going to run a country. But Trump ALWAYS follows through with his commitments. Just ask any of his 3 wives.
He's been cloned. You know that Alex , cut it out.
he said if he was to run he would run as a republican because they have the dumbest voters he could be a prick and still have great numbers
doesn't look new
Too bad in his old age he became a bigot and an idiot
Why did Trump have a secret private meeting with henry kissenger? can someone please answer that question?
I noticed how the video stopped just before he tells Larry king that the Republicans have the  dumbest voters I know he said that because I saw the  interview when it happened
Wow...Donald trump, whoever the host of this show is and anyone who believes this shit you are so out of touch with reality. Or just stupid.
"Just like King David did..." LMMFAO...We're not electing a KING.
TRUMP 2016
#Trump2016
I don't like Trump but I HATE Hillary. IM CONFUSED!!!!!
Trump is part of the globalization agenda..This man is a liar.
Was this guy always arrogant,  self absorbed,  hateful,  and very ugly?
You know people must think that nobody changes their minds, using old video from like 30 years ago or whatever and apparently what was said then still stands today. People are fucking stupid in society to go back and use it as ammunition against someone. Even if it was the witch hillary I'd still call bs on how people use that far back to make any credibility statement.
He basically wants a "White America" to be back in power and control. He doesn't like that nations like China, India, Brazil, etc. are doing better and are able to compete in world business.
If you truly are for Trump, you are picking the side of a one-sided America. He doesn't care about blacks, hispanics, asians, latinos, etc.
so, there's one video from 30 years ago showing a tronald dump slightly less offensive than what he has become... against dozens and dozens of recent videos showing an arrogant, racist, lying, misogynistic, homophobic, several-times bankrupt piece of shit and we're supposed to disregard all that and focus on the 30 year old video? why exactly? i know Stalin wrote a really sweet letter to his mommy when he was 7 yo... is that how he convinced the russian people that he was a good guy and they shouldn't look at what he had become? it's pretty pathetic when you have to go back 30 years in the past to find evidence that some guy is not such an asshole after all.
I began studying Trump as investor in the early `80s. The man's made thousands of investments in his lifetime and yet has made only a few mistakes. That's nearly impossible to do. And he gets out of mistakes very, very quickly. That's extremely important! Most investors have more losers than winners; it's managing their losers and winners that makes them great. Trump is an amazing manager.I concluded long ago that Trump is a genius, because he can do anything he wants with his brain: quantification, qualification, innovation, and creation. No matter whether you like him or agree with him, he's by far the smartest person ever to run for president. That includes Jefferson and Washington who rank right up there with him mentally.Of course, the American people have so far shown no interest in putting intelligence at the head of their nation.
Donald drumpf is a ho
Trump was a racist then and he's still a racist!
this what he belived like 15 years ago ppl change there minds you know.. fukn retard alex everyones over your BS
fdt
Anyone other than Hillary, even Trump
The Donald is the real deal
"We'll be back" -- commercial -- never comes back.
Racist
wow! trump is the man
united states ripped off? united states is a welfare state in that all the countries of the world pay its bills.
Trump been running for president for 30 years. he need 65 million to win he not close. Think about it Alex even Republican don't like him. He don't know the job. It the same guy gangster Trump.
4 bankruptcies, he a white collar thief
Why do people listen to Alex !?! This guy is blinding y'all
"Why are you a republican?" "I have no idea". He's lying to you. Hillary is by no means a better alternative but come ON guys.
I love trump. Love from the uk
Big deal he made some comments, back then he looks a lot smarter than now. He sounds like a little kid now
Donald trump was for banning guns until it served his political agenda.
Well,i am convinced.Voting Trump is the only right thing to do.
trumps dream came true
Cool channel man, very informative!
If he is so independent, then why would need a meeting with Henry Kissinger? Please!
He didn't say anything about his policies, this does not prove that he has been a champion of conservative ideas through the years.  And if you look at his political donations it shows he has given just as much to democrats as he has to republicans.  Does that look like a man with a clear conservative ideology?
This is the greatest comedy show running it really is King David, likes women , blue collar, he don't know what to say o new world order ha it's the old world ways dude nothing new under the sun wake up u lying to your flock
What are you going to do about healthcare ? 
Trump: I have a plan
What is your plan ?
Trump: ☝I have many many plans

This guy is a fucking joke
You praise Trump and yet you degrade Bernie
Trump has always been a narcissist car-salesman type of guy. I don't know why anyone would think any of this was "powerful". Looks like the same BS. I love the lullaby music playing while showing the old clips of Trump. LOL! Hysterical. Alex can't be suckin' on that D much harder than he is.
MAGA
Thanks for the comic relief. I needed a good laugh!
"A new video that shows just what sort of man Donald Trump is and how his beliefs have not changed over the decades."

You mean of how he's being vague? Check. "Sick and tired of not living like kings." Fuckhead, you're the 1%. And you're as dishonest as a politician.

And if this channel is anything like this particular video, it's an utter waste of time.
This channel tries so hard Lol.
Alex this video has been on the media and Internet for months. your late
The ONLY TRUMP! Trump,save USA,save the World! Trump is the great patriot of USA,and wish to see his country -strong,proud,prosper,and respected! See what's going now -the burned USA Flag,the slain Ambassador,the beheaded Americans,humiliated Americans,etc.etc. Vote for TRUMP,people!
To those who don't vote because they feel it doesn't matter. Wake up and see that this is first chance in many decades that the AMERICAN PEOPLE have someone on their side and Trump has proven it by his own life, and not by marching to shitty politically correctness that  they slap Trump around with. The belly ripper of the decade is :  The media lied so  shamelessly you could see the cookie crumbs around their mouths.  The lies and admonishments against Trump were so desperate and transparent the once respected news moguls  made themselves look like kosher monkeys.
Trump = consistent beliefs for 30+ years
Hillary = a pathological con artist doing what she can to attract votes
I don't understand these comments. They confuse me.
I literally heard this guys voice and had to cut my ears off! So fcking annoying
Should have voted for Ted Cruz
Donald Trump may not be all evil, but opposition to Islamic fundamentalism is.  D.J.T. is not mentally or physically there like he was in past decades.  Hillary is senial and against what this country truly needs too.
Around September - October 2015, I said on a forum I really liked Trump but was afraid he might be the GOP's Obama. But the more Trump history I see, and how he's slandered in the media, I have to say, it's time to go all in. 

👉 ALL IN.
Do you have a radio station ?
Let's get  this man for P.
is that lard aske Oprah?
So he's always been a radical authoritarian?
Donald Trump on the sister wives?
His beliefs have not changed but he flip flops on every damn issue from abortion to the iraq war. Its sad how moronic and niave his supporters are that they cant see through his lies. He just says the same generic crap on all those videos about people screwing our country. we can start fixing that by you making your clothing in the us instead of china, and instead of hiring the same illegals your trying to deport to build your towers so u dont have to pay them shit, give those jobs to american workers. Fucking hypocrite.
is trump in front/likely to win? i'm not american so excuse my ignorance, i am trying to find results online and they all tell me different things. i believe he will do great things for the US
FOR Over 30 years TRUMP GAVE HIS OPINION HOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE IT!!❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
One of America's problems is religion. It's clear that Trump doesn't give a shit about Jesus. Good on him. There's more important things to focus on than praying to the ceiling every morning, like Ted Cruz does
I 💝 the 🎶!!
How many videos are there to the contrary? This is ridiculous lol
where does this video show that Trump is consistent like Alex claims? It only shows how he says over and over again that he is sick of the government. He never spoke of any goals, policies whatsoever. It has been shown several times, that he changed his mind  in this primaries
You're contradicting yourself a little bit there, Alex. People are actually voting for Trump because of his Apprentice persona, not because of his political views. He's a celebrity and a successful one at that, and if there's anything american people vorship it's celebrity people. If americans were interested in politics, none of your current candidates(maybe Bernie, but he's some sort of celebrity as well, isn't he?) on either side of the fence would be elected. 
But don't worry, rest of the western world isn't exactly doing any better. You have your 2 party system while in most of the EU, we have countless parties, that turn into 2 party coalitions at the end of the election, so basicly same shit. 
The system that we are trying to impose to non-western coutries is flawed and has never worked for regular americans or europeans, but then again that's probably the same reason we're still using it. Rich will get richer and the rest of us will just have to hold our pants down and politely ask if we can work 40 hours a week just so we can survive until the next month.
As long as this inbreed system is still in use, we're getting more retarded and deformed, just like inbreed does.
Wow! So this is where all the paranoid old dumb ass fucks hang out.
People change. I used to think this was independent media, for example.
DONT WASTE YOUR TIME WATCHING THIS VIDEO. ITS JUST SOME STUPID FUCKHEAD COMMENTATOR FOR 2/3 OF THE TIME
The news agencies need to be sued for trying to FIX the election.  From the start, I believed the pole count aired was fake.  You can tell this if you listen between the extraordinarily BIASED  claims made by  the American Press, (owned by jews) versus the voice of THE PEOPLE.  The American Press has  ignored all the values and principles of good reporting.  Corrupt journalism is called YELLOW JOURNALISM.  This is  what the American Press has stooped to.  Another proof is that the press says absolutely nothing about  Hillary's crimes or Bernies communist and socialist affiliations throughout his life.  I know this because I get routine emails  from non-profits, free presses,  and  watchdogs of the justice system.  What does that tell you?  If you can't find a reason to vote, at least vote to let these politicians know that we have our eye on them.  I believe we are just as responsible for the corrupt government as they are,  when we send the message that they can do what they want to us.
Alex kill yourself
#Can'tStumpTrump2016
HOW CAN YOU BELIEVE THE ELECTIONS ARE REAL???  WE NEED THE MILITARY! THEY ARE ALL OVER THE WORLD, HOW DO WE GET THEM HOME FOR HELP? HE ALREADY IS WARNING US TO BE READY FOR DISASTER!!!  ARE WE SO DUMB??
You moronic Reich-Wing Sheep are like self-slaughtering cattle... You idiots fall for anything your Masters in the 0.00001% tell you to believe.
Pointless. Once he's elected, he'll serve the NWO cabal. Either that, or he'll end up like Kennedy.
this guys a fucking idiot most the time applying to the lowest common denominator
I support trump 100% 
he WILL be the new chosen one in power
Alex, how much do you smoke? you sound like you smoke 1,000 cigarettes per day...
BUILD
Lol so true kiske! Trump could give a damn about the common man just like Hillary dont. Please this man has changed his views so many times lol. He looks foolish defending him. They only care about themselves their familiea and what serves their agenda. Its sad we have to choose between these two, really America!!! So sad just proves all our systems are crap! How about when the common man can run for president without being rich! Now that would be a change. Do you think Trump or Hillary have dinner or talks with " common folk" outside of an election? All I can say is "wake up"!!!!
He is genuine, not a politician ( career criminal).
Yawnnnnn
What fucking moron. He just compared Donald Trump to King David?? Wtf
Wow he used to say he didn't want to run for president but hates what politicians were doing. That's a great reason to elect someone and totally makes up for the fact that he's stated that he wants our military to kill the families of accused terrorists,  has shown signs of being racist and sexist, has changed his mind on all of the major topics over the years, and has never told the truth on what the wall would actually cost, even though his estimates have kept rising throughout his campaign.
You guys are such gullible fools. You rail against authoritarianism, as you should, then praise Donald fucking Trump, who doesn't 'mind being called an authoritarian'. He has tried to undermine the courts, which is the first thing Hitler and Mussolini did when they took power, he has openly stated that he wants to go back to Iraq and steal the oil, not to mention kill innocent people to scare IS (which is terrorism). Alex, I don't know how much Trump paid you, but you're a fucking disgrace to so called libertarians, to so called truthers, and to so called intellectuals. Now you're just a conservative like Glenn Beck, that likes to cry conspiracy.

And how can you even pretend that his views haven't changed? What, one video from 20 years ago is enough for you to negate every video of him supporting the Iraq war, supporting abortion... etc? Poor fucking fools. I hate you Alex, I really do. You've baited these poor people, sunk a hook into their cheek and dragged them wherever you wanted them to go. I just hope they eventually realize that you are the epitome of the Republican establishment. You pretend to be against the elites yet you support policy after policy to make them more powerful, and opposed the legislation that helped to keep the internet free and open, without censorship.
This video proves one thing for sure. For the past 30 years (regardless of who was President) Trump thought America sucked. What does that say? This guy is a big con. Dont elect him.
I can't stomach more than two minutes of this.
lol Look at all the comments from the people who just realized that they were wrong about Trump HAHAHAHA they're going into maximum pussy SJW overdrive lol omg you fucking people are so god damn pathetic XD
Trump for president ;)
Did Trump have a stroke? Why does he talk like a 2nd grader now? Bring that guy back.
Check out the non-partison group Politifacts. Ducky Trump is a bigger liar than Reagan or Hitler...
This guy is a Freemason Shill that is programming our minds with garbage.  He is a controlled opposition who is for the people who are some what aware something is not right in this world.  Look at all of the advertising he does on his show for these Freemason companies.  That gives it away right there.  Check our my videos I explain how and why these people need to program us with their propaganda.
You work for the man, and your a phony Alex
#TrumpforPresident
i really want to believe Trump is not another illuminati puppet.
Who tf gave a guy with a voice like that his own show
THIS GUY ON THE MICROPHONE TALKS LIKE HE GOT SHIT IN HIS MOUTH
oh god can't wait for this guy to lose his voice finally
nobody but nobody is allowed to even run for president if they are not a nwo bitch, dont forget you only elect who they select for you, period
this isnt new its been floating around for awhile.
"Believe me."  "Believe me."  "Believe me."
Same old shit over and over and over.
Holy shit, look at all those sponsors in the description.
Clear your throat boy
your a fucking idiot,so is trump
It's Altman act. He is helping his friend Hillary win the presidency . We should of elected a true conservative.
why do you  say you  want it to go viral when you can't even find the video on your site?
do you really believe this trump crap
listen to that sentimental piano music track running over the clips LOLOLOL
only someone as dreadful and scary as Trump could possibly make Hillary Clinton seem palatable. she is the one who will win it doesn't matter who is run against her.
FAKE : the voices are added !
"The United States has been ripped off..." lol what a fucking KNOB (British saying)
Message to Youtube Please do not  recommend any more videos featuring this person. NOT FUCKING INTERESTED
Unfortunately, the drump is a puppet, just like the clintons. The banks and insurance companies own him(them too!). He(they) will never cross them.
He sounds just like Rush Limbaugh.
where can I watch the full video?
One thing is good in Trump, he would put America first, and will cut the Finical aid to other country, will re-built America. the World is taking advantage of us, cut all aids including Israel, and make our infrastructure, we need new roads, new collages, affordable Medical, and handsome salaries, please elect some one who will get the job done.
Trump 2016
why there is music below trump's video?
What doesn't add up is the stupid stuff he sometimes says. He is smart enough to know you can't say some things. It's like he is trying to sabotage himself or helping the other side.
Search youtube for "Trump Paid Some Workers Less Than Minimum Wage, If At All"
we are all ready for Trump!!
And people say Trump always changes his mind. Just stfu already. #trump2016 #hillary4prison
This is not new.
If the video is soooo good.

WHY do you keep on interrupting it?
Then again WHAT ideas does he transmit on this piece?  NOTHING.
yet this current fake black white guy is demanding that a person w a penus uses bathrooms w little girls, celebrates a country that bombed pearl harbor, has black thug criminals to the white house,and does nothing to stop these black trash from destroying our cities
Trump 4 president!!
Trump is a clone..
Racist mother fucker
I heard Trump call in to Alex's show and Alex seriously said that Trump "came from nothing" just like Alex. I was dumbfounded.
This reporter has the most raspy voice I've ever heard lol it's as if his words cut his throat while talking. Unique.
Trump is against NWO I'm voting Trump
I don't like drumph or cunton but damn Alex who balls are cupping these days damn.
Alex keep on doing what your doing you are one of the most entertaining guys I have come across
B.S.
Why did they leave out the fact that he supported a ban on assault rifles and supported longer waiting periods?
So he always was a Asshole ? interesting,  and has always been a racist, well in 30 years, He has been in a battle with the elite, so basically he wants a slice of that pie, He has, always will be in need of more money ! These people bank balance, is more important then the " life " balance.
What's up with the sad gay music
His hair lol
Yeah right. Guy changes his views 3 times a day. Gimme a break.
Let's face it. Before Trump becomes president, Obama will declare martial law. RIP America
😔
The funny thing is that Trump is actually advocating for partial censorship on the Internet, so shows like this possibly wouldn't even exist.
I thought your fat ass was a conspiracy theorists lol
Go trump!
Well he changed
Trump 2016!
And now he is a Republican puppet reading teleprompter like all the people he bashed for doing it just a week prior.so yes he will be another corporate puppet.. fucking idiots just stay home,both candidates are evil.
Stopped listening to this blowhard years ago; you should too.
Donald Rump is a crook. Everybody that fell prey to his University scam knows it. Those that didn't get scammed by his Trump University scheme would never know. He is not trustworthy. He is a manipulator that cares for nobody but himself. A person with even the least little bit of heart for people could not have done what he did. He stinks of shit.
I almost cried..................................
if you ignore 2/3 of what trump says, he seems like a great guy.   i wish we could edit his presidency as carefully as that video was edited.

all of trump's concrete ideas are terrible, so he mostly avoids mentioning them and just says "im gonna fix it, never mind how, it'll be tremendous."   i know people would rather vote for a coat rack than clinton, but jesus.  Why dont you just write in a scarecrow on election day.

he's a douche without an idea in his head.  there are other parties.  look into it.
So many people talking bad about him. People, becoming president is not a personality contest.
why is Trump meeting with Henry Kissinger that's what I want to know
I want Trump to win, and i am from UK, make my dreams happen America, make the country great again
dont know much on Trump. what I like about Trump, he said there is no drought in CA. And yes we had the craziest year with rains and massive snow. Each time massive water was flowing into lake Folsom,  strange activity was happening,  the lake was far, far, far from full, and the floodgates were opened dumping water away from the lake directing the water into CA delta, basically to the ocean. The crooked democrat Jerry Brown's government never let the Folsom lake to fill up, and there evidently was  more than enough water flow coming to fill up  the lake. Same with other reservoirs like san Luis one. Never let fill up, and the water was let flow to delta.  Now officials motivate dumping water into delta by trying to push the salt water. Now think, with massive water inflow from rains alone this spring the delta was adjusted naturally beyond and need! Then why the precious fresh water coming in abundance was not collected? Why? Who is pushing into minds of people all this agenda the climate is changing etc? Anything you can think if deprived of water! The water shortage today is used by the California government as a weapon against the very own people. We are being pressed,and suppressed in our needs to use water, lawns are being eliminated thus only making ecology overall, air quality etc worse! This and more is a crime today democrats are committing against the people of CA, we the people of CA are being tortured! 
And Trump has announced it, THERE IS NO DROUGHT IN CALIFORNIA! He said it loud and clear, Trump also said if he becomes a president, California people and the farmers will get all the water they need! So where is that water will come from if there is no enough water al all?
Answer there is enough water! There is also a crime being committed by CA government against Californians! Stop the crooked democratcs!
dont know much on Trump. what I like about Trump, he said there is no drought in CA. And yes we had the craziest year with rains and massive snow. Each time massive water was flowing into lake Folsom,  strange activity was happening,  the lake was far, far, far from full, and the floodgates were opened dumping water away from the lake directing the water into CA delta, basically to the ocean. The crooked democrat Jerry Brown's government never let the Folsom lake to fill up, and there evidently was  more than enough water flow coming to fill up  the lake. Same with other reservoirs like san Luis one. Never let fill up, and the water was let flow to delta.  Now officials motivate dumping water into delta by trying to push the salt water. Now think, with massive water inflow from rains alone this spring the delta was adjusted naturally beyond and need! Then why the precious fresh water coming in abundance was not collected? Why? Who is pushing into minds of people all this agenda the climate is changing etc? Anything you can think if deprived of water! The water shortage today is used by the California government as a weapon against the very own people. We are being pressed,and suppressed in our needs to use water, lawns are being eliminated thus only making ecology overall, air quality etc worse! This and more is a crime today democrats are committing against the people of CA, we the people of CA are being tortured! 
And Trump has announced it, THERE IS NO DROUGHT IN CALIFORNIA! He said it loud and clear, Trump also said if he becomes a president, California people and the farmers will get all the water they need! So where is that water will come from if there is no enough water al all?
Answer there is enough water! There is also a crime being committed by CA government against Californians! Stop the crooked democratcs!
how in the blue hell are these videos powerful?  Trump still speaks the same way, he just happens to yell alot more and throws in Mexicans into the mix. infowars my ass.. this tubby is just another puppet.
YOU see it's been happening since 1980 things are fucked up we need change in America !
when did you get 1 million subs?
You guys really think that a man like Donald Trump hasnt changed his views after years of doing business? This just shows trump when he was younger/naive. People get bitter as they get older imo. Seen too much, care less about everything because of how pointless everything seems and seeing all the things humanity does makes people care less about them. This video doesnt mean shit.
Look, Hillary is a terrible option. Obviously. She's a career criminal. A crook. A psychopath. A globalist. A pathological liar. Not a very nice person at all.

Trump's the lesser evil. But if you delude yourself into thinking he's gonna make a difference for the better, I think you're setting yourself up for a dissapointment. Obviously most are not gonna vote for Bernie because in USA, socialism = communism. But aren't there like lots of other candidates too? Why vote for the one lesser evil you think is probably gonna win?
both Trump and Hillary are terrible
Anyone still doubting that Trump is a lunatic puppet needs his brain checked... and there are a lots of those in USA. Same goes for that witch Killary.
Alot can change in a person's mind in 30 years. He is not the same guy Alex.
Dangit Alex, I came here with the promise that you would rant freakishly. What happened to you.
Babylon will fall
this still doesn't change the fact that Donald trump is a complete and utter racist,  and in the end of it he should not be elected president and if he is america is fucked
This video won't go viral....
regardless of old videos, he sounds crazy NOW. you can lose your mind at any given time, i think this video is proof how he lost his mind since then and is now a power hungry maniac.
With these two candidates we are all truly fucked. My advice is to buy a good rifle, lots of ammo and magazine's and get ready for all Hell to break loose, invest in body armor if your state allows 'cause it's gonna get messy.
You have entered the spin zone.
was a democratic supporter  that will come out and has
he was a terrible landlord, and a lot of other things. He is a text book racist. And come on John Miller.
THIS DRAFT DODGER IS NO PATRIOT, HES A PUSSY. VOTE HIM INTO OFFICE ONLY IF YOURE READY HAVE YOU SONS BROTHERS AND HUSBANDS SENT TO GET SLAUGHTERED
he gave money to clintons but people dont post any of that
Trump is a goyam
the voice and lips of Oprah are in sync, and trumps are not. doctored video or real, and experts opinion???
Umm... Half way through this video and I don't really see a point. Still not sure if it's pro or anti Trump. The 1rst 2 clips sorta contradict themselves, but there all kinda vauge anyway.. No real point being made here
Oh god, i'm back in the cancerous side of youtube again.
Did Trump get dumber over the years?

Am I going to get dumber over the years?

Oh god.
THANKS ALEX FOR PROVING YOUR A FUKN CLOWN SHOE LMAO  YOU AND YOUR BULLSHIT CONSPIRACY THEORIES
If you can't tell Trump is a pathological liar you are as dumb as a doorknob.
He's been elected 30 yrs ago. only a fool thinks their vote counts.
Views change jackass.
new video? are you kidding me? sure it was filmed over 25 years ago, but this has been going around virally since the beginning of the election... the people who claim to hate Trump really are ignorant to his motives if they believe this video is "new" weak minded mainstream manipulated fucks.
new video? are you kidding me? sure it was filmed over 25 years ago, but this has been going around virally since the beginning of the election... the people who claim to hate Trump really are ignorant to his motives if they believe this video is "new" weak minded mainstream manipulated fucks.
Clinton is your next president. Get over it fucktard.
an old video dosent change todays donald trump
media propaganda!
INFO wars the new FOX News
The USA ought to have a presidential committee, not an individual president.  If the USA were to have such a committee, the USA would have much less of this political mudslinging.
Who ever you vote for.  The pope and his office will still place their right person in the white house.  Debating between the two partys is like debating between dog sh** and  pig sh*.  Hey big surprise it's still sh*
Didnt Trump hire illegal polish workers, pay them 40$ per day. And in the end when he was caught refused to pay the promised wages and was forced by the court to pay something like 500,000$? And is currently being prosecuted for fraud by the New York attorneys office for the University thing...
alex is a nosie retard
Drumpf lmfao what a joke!! Hmmm let's see, bring jobs back to America ae!? who's clothing brand was manufactured in China? hmm . nope Drumpf an embarrassment
how can anyone think hillary is good for america? she will sell us out to the highest bidder.
No one no one has kept the same thought process as they did 30 years ago. Trump sounded like a decent man 30-20 ish years back now he sounds like psychopath. Even his friends said that he seemed like a totally different man 8 years ago.
I still dont have a fucking clue what hes talking about, is he on his side or what? 'He doesnt cosy up to these people' what fucking people?. I dont watch info wars much, whats he on about?
im not disliking this video because i dont support trump but i feel like this video is very old content and really should try harder to be more recent.
Disparaging McCain's service
Made fun of a disabled reporter
disgusting comments about women
trade protectionist
failed to pay 253 subcontractors and $65 million on the Taj Mahal project - inexcusable and immoral - tip of the iceberg
using bankruptcy laws to NOT pay people he owes
all of that alone is enough to disqualify him.   Hillary is no better. 
Gary Johnson for president.
Not killing anyones opinion but people change in 30 years just saying
Lol really, like ppl dont change in 20-30 years lol, this is stupid
why do people say his beliefs haven't changed like that's a good thing? The kkk haven't changed their beliefs either. Trump has cared about nothing but money and power and he will screw over anyone to get it. His businesses fail but he makes money because he screws over his investors.
I wasnt for Trump in the beginning but i will tell you if i have a choice between him and Killery,you bet your A id vote for Trump,just like you didnt know what youd get with obama,its the same with Killery will be much worse,atleast Trump is for this country and thats what it should be about
Anyone know the song?
Wow his views hasn't changed, Vote Trump. Good Luck America.
Hillary for prison 2016
Trump for president
Trump for president
oh please... that was waaaay before he sold his soul to the devil. 
He sure seemed like a nice guy. Btw, that gay piano soft tune is over rated.
Trump the new hitler✡
He was a decent man once, what happened?
this video is 36 years old you are a fool to believe he still thinks that way he said he wouldn't run...and he ran in 2014 dropped out then ran after Obama stop it. I have watched every interview with trump and its the same thing. He might of been trained to say the things he said so later on if he ran it would help but like I said this was 36 years ago people change. He isn't the same person he was back then. it doesn't matter if the video goes viral or not he still will lose in November.
Trump is a bad guy, no matter how people try to spin it. He stole from poor through his "Trump University", his casinos went bankrupt and all people who invested money in them lost their money while Trump kept cashing out money for himself on the side. He has tweeted racist comments about black people. He has called for Japan to build their own nukes (how stupid..just think pre WWII Japan). There are countless other dangerous, stupid and immoral things that he has said. We cannot elect a bad guy to be our president, period.
whats with the crappy music?
that piano music really influences the message a little..
Disgusting brainwashing. .They so want him elected and then blame the people for the imminent collapse this is what u wanted.. and Alex burn in hell manipulator
Damn Alex lookin old!
This guy is liked by Putin and Kim Jung un the point I'm making electing Donald trump could solve Russia and the USA hatred and also electing trump could make the USA get closer to North Korea and then shoot Kim Jung un that is surely 2 good reasons to elect trump wake up people
And 2016, he asks for a Zionists billionaire globalist who has said on record that his only issue is Israel (not the US).
I'm voting for Trump for no other reason than he's: anti-NWO, anti-Federal Reserve, anti-Banksters, anti-political elites, anti-jobs sent overseas, and anti-Free Trade. And, the icing on the cake is: He's anti-unvetted immigrants entering the country. And if he's a bully, good for us. The elites in Washington, and the world, need to be pushed around, and hopefully done away with. The tougher, the better.
Definitely the better candidate out of the 4 mentioned the most.  Still not voting though. This election is just horrible. Trump is alright, but his supporters just say some dumb and stupid ass ignorant bullshit. He is charismatic, but sometimes thats dangerous to make people Believe that you're really gonna "deport every muslim" or "build a mexican wall."  . The same thing for bernie sanders supporters, except most of them are young and want free college. Sanders is ok, but running as a socialist, let alone a "democratic" socialist is a big mistake in this country. Not only that, but he is not guaranteed to make our country any better just like the other candidate. Hilary? Nothing more needs to be said. And what happened to the other republicans running? They just tucked their dick between their legs, got rekt by trump, and are basically just background jobbers to make trump look good. All in all: This election is a huge shitstorm. My vote is not to vote.
Trump!.... all the way ..he's our only hope.
Why does the music make it seem like someone with a disability is talking? Oh wait...
Dude, you need a Hall's and a teaspoon of honey, holy shit.
I do believe that Trump is sincere in wanting to help the USA. What Trump voters don't get is that he isn't the man to do it. Bernie/Hillary voters refuse to believe there are any redeeming aspects of Trump and there are but he is not what the US needs right now, but then again niether is Clinton
but it's not the same guy. that was 30 years ago, people change. he won't get elected.
No big surprise Alex is supporting Trump, both of 'em are CON MEN! I bet Alex is licking his chops in anticipating paying his workers less than minimum wage under der business Fuhrer Trump. Better stock up on those bottles of iodine, infowarriors! I think prices are about to get a whole lot higher.
Hillary that witch will never be president ever neither .people are all insane
Donald trump will not be president ever never .your all crazy ,his a pig ,
"New"
Trump is no politician, he's a business man. Ruling a country is not only about economic things. Trump university is a scheme, he's only out for more money that's why he is a billionaire , he wants more and more. If Trump becomes president it will show that most United States citizens are under educated and have absolute no idea what they are doing.
am I the only one who doesn't understand how this would get him elected
Donald CAN"T be worse than Hussein.
bunch of idiots riding for Trump. oh my.
HE'S STILL A PIECE OF RANCID SHIT.
I've watched this video a few times. Really cool to see it getting promoted.
#HILLARY2016
GO DON GO , TIME TO TAKE THE OUT THE TRASH AND TRUMPS THE JUST THE MAN TO  DO THE JOB . ALL DIRT BAGS BEWARE .
deeply obnoxious
There is a difference between then & now.....  So idiot then and Moron now.
TRUMP FOR EMPEROR
agreed - he's always been an asshole, and always will be
Hey Gays you may want to vote for Trump. Your Gay President Barack has brought in thousands of islamic jihadis and the just Shot up your Gay Club. Hillary ain't gonna help you all either. Now you see why Trump said these people must be vetted. Who do they kill the weak, the Gays and the unarmed. It doesn't pay to be Liberal you put your self in danger wake up Gays and Liberals!!!
this time he's for realzies, people. REEAALZIES.
I remember seeing the talk show guy on a meme page.
Maybe Trump will be the new Hitler to clean the World...!!!
I'm not American but I can see Trump is up front, what you see is what you get. Hilary Clinton is handing out candy to needy children in mega tons but she won't. Pay a penny towards the cost of a dentist. She's got a hidden agenda but most people are just seeing the fee candy, it's trash.
fuk clintons they destroyed my childhood sports team in colombia ..ALL trump16!!
infowars dealing trump propaganda
trump is cool
Go trump
This faggot is sucking Donald Trumps dick so hard 😂😂
this doesnt imply anything
Hate crime is on the rise. I've visited different states in the past and it's an unfortunate fact a natural born citizen faces with two citizens parents. Just an FYI Trump seems to be expressing a deep seeded resentment towards Mexicans. This country is made up of different cultures. All should be respected and protected. I don't feel respected or safe with his comments.
Bottom line! If we vote for him, we deserve him. Look, I get it... Your pissed off... But if you think Trump is your buddy? Your nuts. YES, this can be fixed but it's up to US... When we STOP buying from wall-mart. When we live more and more in accordance with nature. Producing our own food, making our own clothes. Release technology, free electricity. OMG, listen to this music... Sorry, listening while typing.... This is a WORLD PROBLEM not just an American one...  Cliton may be even worse, okay, okay, to me she is awful.. Neither should be President....
It is funny when you said that this is so powerful when he didn't even say anything important here.
👎👎TRUMP👎👎
Trollzzzzzzzzzzz
I like turtles
Why does your nasally voice sound like you have a little cock stuck in your throat? :((
Well uhh the apprentice has been on air since 2004. 
that means 10+years of being friends with corporate media that the clintons are friends with. so yeah keep thinking Trump is any different!!
Man, he's a true patriot.
#FeelTheBern
Videos like these, all they show is that the "media class" sees with horror the increasingly real possibility that TRUMP win.
You need to stop eating bacon. I can hear it in your voice.
fucking hell you americas don't really plan to have this madman as your president??
He's a joke
Trump 2016!
Dude how can anyone take your political views serious when you quote Ghostbusters? Quit rambling and just play the video right off the bat next time.
This is the most out of context thing to pull out just to fish out extra votes. He just wants to fence out other nations that aren't predominately Caucasian. And he also states the country is in peril, his definition of peril is letting other culture in out country and letting the world and nation progress. He's and old man who has nothing better then push his ideal onto other people
HAHAHA !!!!! You just ended this telling people that Donald Trumps dad, the man who gave Donald Trump a "Small Business loan" of a million dollars was a blue collar man?


Alex, you have finally been taken in by the snake-oil salesmen.... you spend all this time talking about bilderbergers and you have fallen for the wolf in sheeps clothing.... Sad
seems fake
DONALD TRUMP IS A BAD PERSON
DO NOT VOTE FOR HIM
VERY BAD
HE WILL STINK UP THE PLACE
PEE-YOU!
STINKS!
All that but he favors white people.
Trump is the only America-loving candidate this election and we should vote for him!
why are you talking so slow...
What he really believed when he was 20. give me a break people change.
I can't believe I clicked on this crap.
doesn't change shit. he's still a fuckin clown
Vote Trump 2016
Run Donald Run ---America First Patriot
Propaganda
What a Retard!
The background music for the video is too loud...
Hilary is an Establishment whore, Trump is the GARBAGE of the establishment, and Sanders is the only real candidate, but he still has to play by the rules of the establishment...
ALEX YOUR A LOSER 
A TREMENDOUS TREMENDOUS TRUMP COCK SUCKING LOSER I BET YOU LIKE THE WAY DONALDS DICK TASTE
trump is a hater
He does seem very genuine and level headed in that short clip. But now he seems insane. Perhaps he's doing that to just get the nominee but can't bank on that
I'm not a Hillary supporter by no means but Trump is a hate monger. As a minority in this country I fear for my safety if Trump is elected. For any Christian to support a candidate who chooses one ethic group to hate upon and use them as an escape goat tells me that your not true christians.
My Super Male Vitality shipment didn't come in this month, is there a website I can go to to get this sorted out thx?
This video seems to be made under the assumption that Trump's views and personality have remained entirely consistent and sensible for 30 years. No. His ego has metastasized like a cancer that will spread through this country if he is elected. It already is.
Alex the bloated toad.. does he believe the crap he randomly links..? I mean is he this stupid or his viewers that dumb?.
Biased discussion. Not very convincing.
After watching this video and reading some of these comments... I only have two things to say. 1. this is not the Donald trump of 2016. In 30 years he has changed. Cause now he's running for president so why is this video even a factor? 2. thousands of years of human history has shown that only good rulers where the ones who worshiped the only true God not Satan and his demons. But that time has passed. The entire world is Satan's... But not for long. That is why things are so crazy now vs how it was back then in ancient times. bible prophecy is being fulfilled even now.
Add some sad piano and all of the sudden people are convinced trump is a good guy - pathetic.
Blurry Photos
I used to be a subscriber to this channel until it switched priority from fighting the info war to campaigning for Donald Trump.
I love how Trump calls out Warren over lying about her heritage to further her career, and he's the ONLY politician willing to do that. Enough of the identity politics, politically correct bullshit...Pocahontas, Hillary and their ilk do NOT have the best interests of Americans at heart. We need a president who isn't afraid or embarrassed by pursuing American interests. We need a leader who works for US.
Problem is Trump is clueless on most things the president has to handle. His constant support of building a wall shows that he has zero understanding of our immigration problem. Most undocumented immigrants simply overstayed their visas which means they didn't come into the country illegally. Our screwed up system just makes it hard for them to renew those work visas. Not to mention we have made it impossible for people to become citizens. Why? Every economist agrees immigration is good for the economy. We have people here working who want to contribute to our system and pay taxes yet we make it impossible. We are missing out in billions in tax revenue and economic activity just because the losers in Congress can't pass immigration reform. Building a wall solves nothing. And either Trump knows this but is only saying it to get people from the far right to vote for him as the republican nominee, or he really believes that in which he's just ignorant of the facts.
Will the real Donald Trump please stand up, please stand up!
The saucer people in conjunction with the reverse vampires are working with Donald Trump to eliminate the meal of breakfast #openyoureyes #NWO #wakeup #Trumptalkssomuchsenseitactuallyhurtssometimesbuticanhandleit
He never talks about the federal reserve or war on drugs I mean he seems like mainstream politician in many ways
are you affiliated with political candidates. do they give info wars any money ?
prove to me that they are not aluminaty
This whole world is full of brainwashed imbeciles. "Oh lets elect this leader, he or she is good. No I like this leader better blah blah blah". What about waking up and realizing YOU can lead YOURSELVES. You don't need some dictator telling you we're at war with another country because of their own personal reasons (money), that they're all a specific race that we should all hate on and that we should blindly kill another man, woman or child to and I quote "serve his or her country". Is killing apart of serving your country? Apart of your religion? Do you actually believe it's apart of Muslims religion? Do you really believe there are terrorists or have you finally woken up and realized it's all government organized crime in order to get the people to obey. WE DO NOT NEED LEADERS ANYMORE. What we need are people who realize this and won't stand for any more of this crap.
This comment is a question for anyone who'll read it, Is there any youtube channels in Spanish that are like this channel/ young turks/secular talk etc. ? I really want my dad to see the real news but preferably in ESPANOL please.
He's been SUCKING THE DEVIL'S DICK!!!!
"look what trump actually believes," yea 30 years ago you fucking idiot info wars is trash right extremist second class news.
he isa  modern Mussolini( not Hitler).. anybody voting for Trump is an ignorant, this was the mentality of the Germans and Italians  70 years ago !!!!!! Europeans had made huge mistake voting for idiots... now , after 80 years finaly US catching up !!!!!
1:40 Gozer the Gozerian reference, again. Love it.
I think we have enough info to say that Donald Trump is a bit Shallow in his Spiritual Experience but that is in God's Hands. I do admire you Alex for what you have built . I wish we could have got John Kasich. But, we get what we deserve. I'm sure you have seen the Man on the street interviews.
I'm a Brit. So long story short, I don't follow American politics. But I feel that puts me in a much more objective seat than the electorate of America. This having been said, none of this is evidence of anything at all. A consistent liar is no less convincing than a truthful individual. I have a terribly bad feeling that between Clinton and Trump, America's backed itself into a 'better of a bad bunch' scenario, and is now trying to fluke their way into believing that any choice they make is the 'better' choice. And I believe Britain's falling for a similar scenario.
Btw, I wouldn't have called Fred Trump 'blue collar' per se. 'Blue collar' means a labourer; and though he was in his early life, that's not to say he remained faithful to such roots later on.
Trump wants to become president so he can legalize incest.  All his inbred supporters want to legalize incest too.
Alex on Trump:  "... he does what he wants, he does it his way".   That's been the problem with the lot of them ... they do exactly what they want, not what the populace elect them to do.  Obama anyone?   If I'm wrong, then I look forward to witnessing the 'miracle' that is Trump.   That's all.
trumps a noob at cs
dude eastern ?
this is not a new video, fucking stupid info wars has lost any credibility it had if any
i would vote for young trump but not for the loud oranguntan he is today
we wat new world order
mot viral dog,.
haahh
yeah.. the guy who says that the world is run by lizard people is the same one advocating for Trump.
I find it interesting that there's a big gap in the timeline that is right in between the Clinton years...
i find it hilarious how at the beginning of the run, trump and his supporters had that "im gunna win, you guys dont stand a chance" suddenly they start losing and their humble, kind, sympathetic side comes out, they start bringing up older videos of trump keeping in mind people can change over a 36 year time period. it just amazes me.
lol
I don't understand this NWO crap. Why would the elite work towards goals that will only be achieved by future elite generations? Why would they care about working for anyone else other than themselves in present time?
TRUMP 2016 #MAGA we are fucking doomed if that corrupt lying bitch gets in, mark my words.
Even Donald Trump doesn't know what he believes. There is no point to this video other than to show how empty and shallow Trump really is. Trump will not be elected. See you in Hillary's America in 2017, like it or not.
Trump to win
You know who else was consistent , Hitler.
please pray the link to that video I CAN'T FIND IT. Or did YouTube take it out?
trump got white ppl feeling like the old days(kkk)
He still flip flops on so many issues just like every other republican out there .
ZOG GARBAGE!
he is a hot head.  if he become president I would worry other countries would hate us more than they do now.  other than that I like trump.
This is why Trump should NOT be president.  Just because one likes some of what he says...doesn't mean everything he thinks is right.  Nor does it make him right for the office.  He is...and always has been...a self serving,  egotistical, bigoted,  misogynistic, super rich (who has little or nothing in common with you & me),  ignorant, vain, publicity hound, meglomaniac.
If you've ever studied Trump over the years (which I doubt you have) you will discover that Trump goes back and forth on issues.  He's flipped flopped more than a "slinky on a set of stairs" depending on the mood of the country and his business interests.
right. he's been a windbag his entire life. what's the news here?
This is how much Clinton LIES: https://www.facebook.com/realTheTrumpPledge/videos/1250580998322938/
Hey Alex, put up a bunch of videos of Hillary LYING, Hillary's scandals, corruption, throughout the past 30+ years. Show these blind libtards what that woman is all about. Make it go viral so it's on all news networks. Even CNN. Time to show the blind sheeps how TRUE Trump is.
"HIS HEART IS RIGHT"... NO IT ISN'T!!! HE HAS NO SOUL OR INTEGRITY... SMDH
Donald Trump is consistent. He consistently uses easy words. He's consistently vague. He consistently has no substance to his views. He consistently doesn't think his thought through to its conclusions.
this on that mk ultra shit
So.... your digging up shit from the past as if people don't change their beliefs and attitude? Yeah Donald Trump is a bit of a racist but that is what makes him great, at least he won't smash planes into his own country just to start a war. Trump is better than Bush (probably even better than Obama).
The people behind the Bilderberg group don't want isis to be defeated, they are using isis as a tool to create chaos. Why? Because as long as we need to deal with those terrible radical muslims, there is no time to make the conditions better for the main group in the population, namely the poor and those who are underpaid. They want the chaos, cause as long as the chaos is there, people can't allow themselves to think about "small" things, as more pay to low paid groups in the society. That's one thing. There is a lot other things in play it will take too much time to write here, but chaos is good for the government in many ways.
Hmm still undecided about him, cause all politicians have an agenda that they don't publicise
We have the same problem over here, currently in the UK over the Brexit or stay vote over the EU
Both parties are using fear and misinformation to angle the vote in their favour.
Personally HC are corrupt and should not be the candidate for the democratic party
I would like to see a Trump/ sanders joint venture
No more party systems.. That breeds factionalism and corruption. More of a representative for the region. 
And the Bilderberg not getting a mention over here, just euro 2016 instead. ( more circus for the masses )
The video would sound more honest if they would skip the background music, it's cheesy and corny ;-)
did you have to add the piano track Alex? you're trying to reach people not make them roll their eyes.
Edited out all the stupid liberal crap that Trump has said.
im voting Trump
Played along with them? He's a con artist
people are so stupid they just say ahhhh man trumps racist like wtf? when did Americans get so stupid it's the fall of the west and it's dumb westerners who are causing it to put it bluntly dumb American liberals wake up man before its to late
Hillary is going to mop Drump up. He doesn't have a clue.
You say the video should go viral but never said what the videos called or gave us a link?
Yeah well I'm pretty sure we all believed in Santa Claus to
trump 2016
this video is sorely in need of editing!
I still have to say trump duck
DT is going to end the illuminati by becoming President.
Why are we ok with the worlds elite meeting in secret and making decisions about OUR future?
Load of clap trap he says one thing one day and changes like the British weather
fake polls? how do they fake polls for president? somebody educate me?
CAN'T
Clinton will Win...
If Obama has anything to do. with it! It's gonna be a 'schemie' election, my 2016 thinking..?
"The United States is being ripped off" - from "Christian" Donald Trump, oblivious to the fact that if California alone were a nation, it would have the 7th richest economy in the world, while most nations are filled with starving and dying children in poverty because the super powers spent centuries paying pennies on the dollar for their metals, oil, gold, silver, copper and agricultural goods.  Our cola, chocolate, bananas, etc., come mostly from third world countries, sold for dollars here and paid with factions of pennies there.  Sick greedy bastard Trump once said he can never be rich enough, although the bible he lies is his "favorite book" clearly states that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.  True honor is not only about what we do, but what we don't do when it should be done...human life is the greatest value, because without life, there are no values.  Trump gets fat while skinny children the world over waste away.  God created all of them in his image, and doesn't play favorites by drawing article lines on maps that divide and conquer the human family.   There is definitely a place in hell for Donald Trump.
Trump University is a fraud and an oxymoron by definition.  30 years......since then, Donald Trump has gone certifiably insane, and many Psychologists and even Republican leaders are saying too.  All that is in Donald Trump's "heart" is he, himself, and a mirror full of denial.
Trump University is a fraud and an oxymoron by definition.  30 years......since then, Donald Trump has gone certifiably insane, and many Psychologists and even Republican leaders are saying too.  All that is in Donald Trump's "heart" is he, himself, and his.mirror that he so loves, but when he looks into it, it is full of denial.
30 years......since then, Donald Trump has gone certifiably insane, and many Psychologists and even Republican leaders are saying too.  All that is in Donald Trump's "heart" his he, himself, and his.
here's my issue Alex you seem like you used to not be affiliated with any political party and would say it's a left right paradigm but I am the same no party they are both crooked but I did support ron Paul and it's very rare i support any of these crooks and very rare that a party has a genuine hero and i like trump somewhat but please report some different things I miss 911 info okc info Sandy hoax Boston bombing etc i pray trump can do everything he had said because I feel if we have a hilary aka that wicked witch into our government again we will spark a revolution
You are right Alex, he didn't change since 1980's...That's why we could not trust that guy.  It shows how close minded he could be, no great idea to rise up the country, only critics on the situation of the nation.  That's all, everybody can say that US are being rip off and it shouldn't be like that.  HIm for president, it will be the fall of the American Empire.  And the trump towers too.
You lost me as a subscriber for even trying to paint trump as a good person.
As a European...: make this man your President, it's the best that can happen!
would'nt Trump be broke without his trust fund?
It's so cute how Alex actually buys the bullshit Donnie-boy is selling. No critical thinking needed, apparently. I find it amazing that people are still taking Disinformation Donald at his word, even after getting caught in a lie just about every single day about Libya, Trump University, immigration policy etc.
your crazy
it don't matter.......this war is here...time to ban together or lose .....watch for the spinning wheel soon.....the earthquakes....storm...and crazy fallen hi breds tech...ect. ect.....ppl have no idea whats coming alex u shod start tellin ppl and use ur connects to let ppl no whats relly coming super soon....bring us together
This video might hold some validity if modern Donald could resemble his younger self. This is not the same man, or he is incredibly fake. My perception has nothing to do with the picture media paints of him.
He seems to have been much gentler and calmer back then.  What has changed.  If you see him then and now, there is a huge difference in behavior.
Donald must've not paid Alex for his groveling and bootlicking. Alex is a butterface.
I passed it on 🇺🇸
Donald Trump isn't Kosher
"His dad was a blue collar." Yeah, he loaned Donald $1M and bequeathed $100M when he died. Very blue collar.
Do any of you people out here against Trump even go to his website and READ stuff? Do you people not have computers at home? Or laptops? Do you people not know how to RESEARCH? Remember Waco, Tx? Remember HAITI? Obama, Clinton's, Bush's, have done nothing but incite racist division in this country. And you blind sheep follow. So sad. Wake up. Or get the hell out of the way and let us ADULTS worry about politics. You little children have no CLUE.
Wish we could see alittle more of this polished Trump
thank you for sharing
LMAO THE PIANO y'all are a joke infowars
here is the link without the background music
Trump kisses Hillary's ass so hard for so many years that they're now the same thing.
TRUMP = HILLARY
That video had over 600k and is now 40k views. (v=ZJyIztXX3Bs)
I don't see how this video will get him elected??  Makes no since...probably no sense.  Probably not.  Probably never.  Here's a question:  How many times did Trump say probably?
Who cares..he is not Hillary...that gets my vote!
You sound like a heavy smoker. Or like a prepotent dictator having overspent the capabilities of his voice cords. Mussolini comes to mind. Relax, get a life. Trump is a loser.
pathetic just fucking pathetic
its all an illusion to give the American people feel like they have choice. There are no elections. There's only selections.
I give him the benefit of the doubt that he mis-spoke about the GDP, there's no way someone could think that, the GDP is a huge number in the trillions. But I'm really curious what number he was looking at that was below zero. I bet there's a lot of them lol.
For Trump the country was falling since he wanted to be president, that is makes him a clown.
Lies....and more lies
Donald trump is a guy who believes Mexicans can't be judges
TRUMP 2016
This man is a fraud. A crook. He's running for one reason only, power! He loves attention,  and he loves power. He has no clue on how to be the president. He can't even answer simple questions. Then he will change his statement shortly afterwards. He's not really self campaigning. He started a fake university, and ripped off thousands of people. He's been sued hundreds of time's. He's been accused of rape. The list goes on. He's a scumbag! Let's put his personal life aside. Do you really think he's capable of running our country?  He doesn't have the temperament, or the know how to be president. This country would be in shambles if he was our leader.
#TinFoilHats being for Trump is enough reason for me to #NeverTrump.
About 30 sec of interesting stuff, couched in 10 min of b.s. & hype. Glad you have the 30 sec but could you cut the crap?
I fail to understand how bilderberg attendees are allowed such protections. It is not in any way a publicly funded or supported event so how on earth are the able to impede on freedoms rights and laws? Seems like the mafia to me, the ones established to be a black budget worldwide force.
never listen to this man with the intention to take anything from it. this man is crazy
That music is hilarious you make the guy look as innocent as Anne Frank !  he`s a bandit.
Good lord,  I just shed a few tears.
it's all a set up. They're all in on it
can someone give me an actual reason why you guys are voting for trump, other than how hes rich and "honest"?
I'll be honest I am not a Trump supporter. Seeing how he has conducted himself throughout the primaries I have found it rather difficult to side with him. However, after watching this video it has somewhat altered my perception of him a bit but it hasn't entirely swayed me. People have the potential to change. Especially over decades and hopefully for the better. I can say I like the Donald Trump we see in this video but the one today isn't quite the same. The Trump we see in this video seems calmer and much more level headed which is the opposite of what I see every time I watch the news. Furthermore, the idea to "make America great again" is something that I find ironic. When did America stop being "great"? By "great" does he mean as to go back to the eras of slavery, Civil War, depression, two World Wars, lack of women's suffrage,  segregation, and so on? Our nation has never been perfect but we have come a long way since all the aforementioned and we should be proud of it. We are flawed but we are a great nation nonetheless .
i think the only reason Hilary may win is because she attends the Bilderberg meetings and is probably hand picked like Bush was dem or rep doesnt matter Its who  the Bilderberg group  choose  as their puppet
This video is a steaming pile of shit, and it proves nothing. You can go back to 2012 and get direct quotes from Trump saying the GOP was too "mean spirited" towards immigrants, and that Romney's immigration policy was crazy. Don't get me started on his Obama praising. Sorry Trumpkins, but you're hero is a slippery fraud.
Alex you disappoint me you should be supporting Gary Johnson.
They are both consistent liars, but Clinton knows she is lying and Trump actually believes that Trump Steaks are the BEST STEAKS YOU WILL EVER EAT, FOLKS, YOU JUST WOULDN"T BELIEVE, ITS INCREDIBLE, ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE. I HAD THE TOP STEAK PEOPLE COME TRY SOME AND THEY, AND THEY, IT WAS UNREAL THEY JUST COULDN"T THEY SAID DONALD, DONALD I WANT YOU TO KNOW, JUST BETWEEN US - AND THIS IS A SERIOUS STEAK GUY HE REALLY KNOWS HIS BULL - HE SAID THAT HE THOUGHT I WOULD BE CRAZY TO SELL AT THE PRICE WE'RE SELLING AT, JUST CRAZY, IT WAS REALLY THAT GOOD.
That is right... he is just like King David. Smfh.
TRUMP IS HEADED TO THE WHITE HOUSE
God bless Donald Trump.
NEVER HILLARY
I really think this guy likes to hear himself speak.  I want to hear from Donald Trump described what kind of person he is from the horses mouth if you will not from some guy from info wars?  You have the info let him speak.
Not directly linked here.  Not on Infowars YT page.  Not on Infowars.com.  Typical fucking AJ click bait.  If you have a link, please respond with it.  I don't want to spend to much time at infowars because I might get paranoid the CPS is coming to rape my dog.  You true believers flame away.
u dont need no stupid ass viral video to get him elected. Hes doing just fine without some video.
3:51 in reptilians
1. Using a video of a person's years past to try to define who he is today is one of the most ignorant things someone can do, regardless of if the person was "nicer" back then or if they were more scandalous. Nobody is the same person they were a year ago.

2. Donald Trump is a frightening result of things like talk radio fear mongering that fosters a very dangerous radicalism against notions driven more by that fear than by informed reason. 

Videos like this are typical desperate propaganda to attempt to contradict the blatant bully attitude that everyone has seen from trump more and more over the years but that not everyone wants to admit is concerning for all the most obvious reasons.
he dont live in the real world. the world we all exist in. the world we exist in, or atleast the world i live in. i see people in my area of the uk assault there neighbours over the stupid little things. like a parking dispute. one man points his legallyowned shotggun from his bedroom window. one man bites another mans ear off. a truck driver runs over a car driver killing him. in a driving dispute. and countless people are running around with guns opening fire on eachother. and her majesty laughs while the idiots fight eachother and then serve time at her majestys pleasure.  everyone chasing paper money. weather it be working / slaving away for it driving a truck all day everyday. or wather it be drug dealing morons chasing money. there all chasing it and acting crazy in the proccess of chasing paper. hurting eachother along the way through there existance. this guy is crazy like the rest.
trump will stand by his words
vote trump
Sexy Motha Fucka
As for the old Trump video.   You are welcome.
╔════╗──────────────╔═══╗╔═══╗╔╗╔═══╗─╔╗╔╗╔╗
╚═╗╔═╝──────────────╚══╗║║╔═╗║║║║╔══╝─║║║║║║
──║║╔══╦╗╔╦════╦══╗─╔══╝║║║─║║║║║╚══╗─║║║║║║
──║║║╔═╣║║║╔╗╔╗║╔╗║─║╔══╝║║─║║║║║╔═╗║─╚╝╚╝╚╝
──║║║║─║╚╝║║║║║║╚╝║─║╚══╗║╚═╝║║║║╚═╝║─╔╗╔╗╔╗
──╚╝╚╝─╚══╩╝╚╝╚╣╔═╝─╚═══╝╚═══╝╚╝╚═══╝─╚╝╚╝╚╝
───────────────║║
───────────────╚╝
"This video will elect Donald Trump". Are you retarded? You keep forgetting the reason we have electronic voting machines.
If even halfway honest people COULD be elected, obeyme would never have made it into office.
Trump is no republican or democrat.  He is an independent running under the republican machine just like Ron Paul did.  Only difference is the establishment grossly underestimated his ability and how pissed off the public is now that millions have figured out politicians are lying sacks of shit.  Keep in mind he practically ran his primary campaign by himself as far as decision making is concerned.
Trump Sanders 2016!
hiLIEry CLINTON
people change everyday
i don't believe people on television
http://www.americanthinker.com/articles/2016/03/donald_trump_and_narcissistic_personality_disorder_an_interview_with_sam_vaknin.html
"good heart" LOL 
yea make fun of the disable.. so you can have a good heart as well lol fucking joke
If it would get him elected, and that's what you want.  then why are you blabbing.  Just post the clip without all the intro piece.  you turn lots of people off instantly.  Even if they would have watched the video, now they won't.  Makes no sense.  Just post the clip only?  Or someone take this clip out and post it alone.
the so called Hillary remiinds me of a mother who had a child and strangled it to death at birth.
NO!!!
Unfit for the job of POTUS.
Hillary in the white house would be the death of us all !
Hillary wasn't elected, she was selected.
I want Trump to win and I hope he wins but I'm not optimistic. America's best days are behind her with the NWO pulling the strings. Things will bet much, much worse before things will get better.
but not all fox news are anti trump only some are good to trump
sounds like a dictator if u becomes president hell have 20 wives and big big wall and more guns sounds like a hitler of the 2000's
for god sake people VOTE TRUMP!!!
What are your on health for all?
 I believe your against that basic right.
Oh shit that's the exact youtube video that I saw before and I seen the youtuber posting a comment why he supports donald trump due to the fact he was born in Venezuela and seen what communist or socialist do to a country potential so he consider himself a capitalist and conservative.
Didn't this fagot always make dumb videos about the government killing citizens and shit? Lol
Just posted it to at least 10 Facebook pages. If we all post it to our favorite sites, this video will go viral just as the Video of Hillary calling for the deportation of Illegals
Anyone have a link to this video? I can't seem to find it anywhere.
He is the real deal compared to neocon Hillary and rapist bill
So who is getting ripped off and who is living like kings?
They all worship satan even Donald it's all just a scam they know who will win they have an agenda. Donald will not win. It's all to get everyone distracted. I bet Alex works for these government bitches as well. It's all lies. Because if Alex was real he would donate his Well earned money to help homeless or people who need it. But Alex is greedy for the money as well. Wake up. Believe in yourself not these corrupted government owned fools. Pay attention to your family and friends first before government Assholes. So Alex you as well need to quit lying as well.
They all worship satan even Donald it's all just a scam they know who will win they have an agenda. Donald will not win. It's all to get everyone distracted. I bet Alex works for these government bitches as well. It's all lies. Because if Alex was real he would donate his Well earned money to help homeless or people who need it. But Alex is greedy for the money as well. Wake up. Believe in yourself not these corrupted government owned fools. Pay attention to your family and friends first before government Assholes. So Alex you as well need to quit lying as well.
I dk who to vote for A trump seems like a bastard B Hillary says no guns but we need em for protection i feel myself and family and others should have a protective home or environment full of safety without weapons who can.....how can we be protected
Trump is hung like a horse.
It just sounds like more of Trump's typical vague rhetoric; with some sappy piano music playing in the background.
Yes I believe he cares about this country but why doesn't he shut the f up when it comes to the ugly sht .  He talks about illegals hell all of his wives are or were illegals for the exception of marla maples .  They are Slovics why doesn't he say some thing about that and does he have a sulution for when he gets rid of the mexicans of who the hell is going to feed this country ?  there's alot of other Illigals that won't do the type of work that alot of people from Mexico will do .  Good luck my fellow Americans where in the hell are you going to get you food from ..........................
I'm not a fan of Hillary but she got 17.8 million votes in 2008 and 16.2 million votes so far in 2016. That's 1.6 million less votes than 2008 not 7 million as you say at 1:50. Facts are facts.
As terrible as she is, she gets the votes. Brainwashed loons want her
Someone help my channel out. I got zero subscribers. ): I know you guys hate Hilary as much as me too.
"and if it got so bad I wouldn't rule it out totally BC I'm really tired of seeing what's happening in this country, how we're really making other people look like kings and we're not."
Trump has been simmering and being stewed to perfection over the years..now he is finally ready to be brought to the table for America to enjoy.
Canada looks better every time I see these 2 twits
Alex is deliberately deluding himself here. If you think Trump hasn't changed his views, you are lying to yourself.
I love that the knowledge given to me knows many things including this as well without the knowledge of it but overall the collective consciousness as looking within is what we should be doing
If that Trump shows up he will win.  Too bad he is spending so much time on racial issues.
it's funny you said he is like king David check the meaning of both names Donald and David their only 1/3 different in meaning  #AlexJones
America needs a cleansing.
8:45  Wealthy people don't like him he says, can I hear a MITT ROMNEY?
Trump is the antichrist !
all these people saying Trump flip flops, watch this video!
I used to like you Alex. but since you want Trump for president, I won't watch your videos any more.!
VOTE FOR HILLARY.!
shill....Trump and Hillary are friends
hi my name is Sean Hudson and i have written my very first book called Twisted Fantasies. its some of my poetry work and it would be great if people would check it out. its on Amazon and createspace.com
NWO marketing scheme!
He talks all this nationalist shit but his companies operate outside of the us? He has a fucking scam university but tht stuff is suppose to be ok?
same + racist ? or same with racist ? please advice
Trump should consider using these videos in his campaign.
Trump only is going to get the racist vote, which is not enough to win.
this is already surfaced, one. two, wheres the part where he says he friends with the cfr pres or how he is related to hilary. three the part where he makes fun of handicap people or 4, where him, paul and you are illuminati playing cards.
Wow  both of them are scumbags. He can say anything he want,  I look at his actions, he's a crook and a narcissist.
Well Trump does love America. It would help if he didn't say such stupid shit
It is the videos like that that should be his TV advertisements, they'd be really powerful.
He is genuinely patriotic and a very good man, our country need him esp in today's world, but I worry about him since he is taking over so many mafias single handedly. Support him and protect our country. Forget about your color or religion think as American and become United. I am brown still waiting for my citizenship for over 16 yrs, even after came here legally. I don't care after he become president if it will ever benefit me personally but surely it will do good to this beautiful land.
Is it true about how Donald Trump knows all about who actually destroyed the WTC?
Was he part of it and had "plans" to replace the WTC with a big TRUMP hotel and casino?
Or does just know who actually did it, but wasn't part of this scheme?
That's it I'm all in on Trump. Make America great again.
But this is old and this is the Trump I believe in. Not the Media constructed Vultron for everyone who doesn't know shit
I positive those polls are as fake as a Hillary dollar bill!  ha ~   :D
Trump is a narcissist prick. Number one arsehole in politics.
Similar time line, on the dark side, Hillary has done everything evil a politician is capable of.  Hillary's view has been  on power and money, never missed a chance she could get more of either, or both.  Meanwhile, Trump has been watching and thinking, and aching for our people, our country.
"how his beliefs have not changed over the decades."

'Tries to prove it by playing clips of a video of Donald saying nothing more than he wouldn't run for president.' 

XD
I love how this video promotes the "Viral Donald Trump" video, but doesnt post a link to it
Clicked on the link and they was a promo of you running your mouth and a advertisement for Male vitality Pills.  Waste of my time.
Wheres the actual video?
This video is new? It looks like it's from the 80s/90s. Weird.
Grab Trump's asscheeks, spread them, insert tongue. Trump can't stop saying stupid shit, meanwhile, and will be causing whites to suffer a Latino Rodney King riot if gets elected and get heads busted like Reginald Denny. Hillary and Donald are cousins.
This country is NOT getting fixed from the ballot box.............
Funny how youth and innocence go hand and hand...
They say that the best rulers are those who never sought that power, but were instead humble and not seeking glory for themselves.
So a new video surfaces of a 30 year old video or more that's been available the whole time haha
stupid omgosh
Since the beginning I am rooting for Trump...I hope he wins.
this isnt new it came out in the 80s wtf kind of shit show is this? why dont you show the one of where he said if he were to run for president he would run as republican because they're the most gullible. oh, but you wont show that one because gullible has been your entire audience for all these years. sad.
boy, way to ignore and gloss over all the crazy, rasicist, sexist crap he pulled in those same last thirty years. I also noticed your crop out of when he called Republicans idiots who would vote for anything fox news says.
The bias is real
These people calling TRUMP a liberal. . So what's the alternative. . Hillary  .. if you're worried about liberals what's the alternative to TRUMP
Oh my god, you mean Donald Trump isn't the blood thirsty racist that politically ignorant leftists make him out to be?
What happened to make him such an asshole?
DONALD TRUMP OVER HILIERY ANY DAY! 
#Trumpforpresident 2016
That's a fantastic video of Trump!
After 8 years of corruption from Bozo. Hillary will be 4 more of the same. How many crimes and anti constitutional things must Americans see? It's amazing that people have let him get away with all these things that ant other president would have been impeached long ago. Executive orders, are not supposed to be used, like a dictator. Bombing Libya? The most prosperous country in the region. Women have the same rights as the west. But Obama and Clinton killed him. The same people that Obama "helped" against Qaddafi are now Jihadist, and I assure you that was his plan.
As I write this Trump is 11 points ahead and Hillary is still a criminal dog faced  asshole.
You'll love this article about the greatness & honesty of Donald Trump - and all the great things he did in Atlantic City.  After reading it, I can not believe people talk shit about this great man!  He did sooo much for Atlantic City, the employees and his investors. When will America ever wake up?  TRUMP!!

http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/12/nyregion/donald-trump-atlantic-city.html
As a Bernie supporter, I'm gonna end up voting for Trump. If it's between him and Hillary, I'm voting for him. It's clear he's just pandering to the mainstream conservative positions of the Republican party to get more votes. The only thing he's actually gonna try and get done is building a wall, which isn't gonna change shit. 

His fake ass stance on abortion is the most oppressive position he has, and it isn't even real, which is why he only mentioned it when he was asked about it. 

I'm more afraid of Hillary Clinton, who's in bed with the very corporate and banking interests that are destroying this country, who flip-flops on every issue and actually wants to proactively ban assault weapons. She will actually get shit done, which is worse than Trump Not getting anything done.
Show less
surely it would have been better to push the original video instead of repackaging it with a new title on your channel
his hair was always goofy.
Real american's have a lot of love for Donald , we salute you my friend !!
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!
Donald Trump never wanted this, but he loves this country!
"No great brain but a great smile."  Trump 1980.  American exceptionalism at its finest.  The Great Wall of Arizona.    Feudal America.  <3
LOL Alex is so full of shit, he has sold out to the Clinton's and pay to play capitalism. Trump made it clear in his biography who he supports along with his campaign donations.  What conservative has he invited to his wedding or donated money to for political campaigns?
Sorry, his carefully crafted rhetoric over the years still doesn't make me want to vote for this megalomaniacal racist. You can piece together flattering videos just as easily as you can piece together unflattering videos. There's nothing new or even that intriguing in any of the footage. People have been saying they want to change the country for the better since it was founded. Words mean very little. Trump's actions - http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_56d47177e4b03260bf777e83
Am I the only one who see a young James Spader in a young Trump???
Trump 2016
this isnt new, its been out for over a month just different title
ha donald a patriot, more like draft dodger
no it isn't the same guy that is who trump is a conman snake oil
he is one of the crooks ripping it off
duh all these things can be doctored this guy is full of shit trump will not win aren't enough of you we won
Even if he had said something we all didn't like - this was a long time ago and people sometimes, I repeat that SometimeS change their thinking.  I've seen this before.  Vote Trump.  The man.
Actors are saying to vote for a third party candidate, Penn Gillette from Penn and Teller has a YouTube ad telling Pryor to vote libertarian so they throw away their votes so Hillary will win
Still a douche
beating Hillary was supposed to be easy but republicans chose Trump so now Hillary will win. Nobody wants a racist buffoon as president
it's too late for Donald Trump his racism has been confirmed
I saw it and I couldn't agree with you more. It is a fantastic video!
Alex backing Trump?  this is crazy....... he has as changed so much.... bill Cooper was right on about Alex years ago before his death.... he's a sensationalist
All this nonsense
trump is going to april fool all of you fucking dumb asses watch !!!! hes not going for president his just fucking around you fuckers hahahahahaha... youll stupid fucks.
and with peace he will destroy many
he will bring peace but then there will be sudden distruction
Even Serbs support him....
Donald trumps life prepared him for this moment it is a blessing to have him running for president and if you think different congrats you have been deceived by the mainstream media
all this video proves is that Donald Trump has been being groomed to be president for over 30 years.
keep up the good work
You guys are trying to put a raging narcissist into the white house. The presidency is on his bucket list, he doesn't care about anyone but himself.
stop sucking Donald Trumps dick and report some real news.
You forgot to include a clip from the lapdance he did for AIPAC a few weeks ago. Pledging his commitment to continue giving billions of taxpayer dollars in aid to one of the wealthiest countries on the planet, now that's a man challenging he NWO. Talk about making other people live like kings!
Go Trump! We love you!
Oprah is damn near as rich as him now.
WOW
May have been then but money makes a man act funny. He isn't fit for president.  King David was blessed. Let's not compare a man of God to trash. Because trash comes out of his mouth which from what comes of your mouth come out of your heart. You know no one is a native to this country but native Americans. He has blinded all of you guys because your eyes are closed by your own insecurities.
And you call yourself a truther! Your truth is not the same as the actual truth. Donald Trump is a pompous racist! He has revealed himself already so we don't need you to attempt to do it.
The real mvp President for America.
Stop Pretending Your Racism Is Patriotism
His wife is a slut. He stole his brother's inheritance money. He also beat his first wife.
This guy is one hell of a snake oil salesman. Hats off!
"Good Play." -Adad
What TV shows did Trump do? was he portrayed as a twat an that is why the Media slate him every chance they get?
less than two minutes in and you compare Trump to King David...
Trump will not save us from what is happening. all of this has been foretold. you just don't want to believe that the time is now. america is going to fall no matter who gets (s)elected.
HOW CAN THIS BE WHAT HE REALLY BELIEVES IN PRESENT DAY PEOPLE?! HE IS HUMAN, AND HUMANS CHANGE!!
If people would just put down their weed and their tumblr for 5 minutes they would see whats actually going on and see that trump, is our only last option to change the financial state we are in.
this makes me sad......
Hillary is crooked, Bill is a rapist, Trump is the real deal, time for a real president .
if trump doesn't win has president.. the states will be nothing but a Arab nation
New video? more like old video.
What a beautiful set you guys have there.
Alex ur voice just gets more annoying by the video .
putin at  11:00
That's not a new video it's been around for a while
full of shit alex i cant believe you sell this shit as if you really believe it the only thing you believe alex is your wallet and who filling it.
Donald Trump is a closeted liberal. He had Hillary at his wedding, praised universal healthcare system, doesn't believe in free trade (a liberal view), he even PRAISED Hillary as a good Sec of State. If Trump is elected, we will get more of Obama but of more stupidity.
I don't understand why I would vote for him. This video just proved that he has been as stupid through his entire life. Only because Hillary has changed her opinion on something doesn't make her a bad candidate
really? I still don't think he is presidential
The one few things that keep me from voting Trump is first, his view on MANMADE global warming and second, I simply don't trust him, he has fucked up to many times in his life for me to give him a chance
She's already a God. 
What we can expect!
At least trump is a man of his word :) That i can trust.
you sir are a idiot
Lol FAKE. He flips flop more than any other president. He's on camera saying one thing and saying the opposite at his rallies you morons.
why are they making him look like a racist?
All these videos were 20 plus years ago, people change; this obviously isn't him now, move on.
Honestly Donald trump didn't get to where he is by being honest. He's a NWO sellout. You watch if he gets elected.
So you can make massive donations to establishment candidates and it's okay as long as you say that he was "playing ball with them." What a cop out.
Didn't Donald Trump used to be a big Democrat?
lol Alex is getting gullible with age...
trumps message boils down to  u.s is being done down by foreigners that is the cause of the mess they are in instead of blaming the Jews like Hitler did blaming the Mexicans for instance
 but then goes on to contradict himself saying that the US has made a mess of foreign Wars and should retreat then he contradictions himself again by saying that the US should knock the hell out of Isis well how did they go about doing that without invading the Middle East again
#Trump2k16!
Trump is a pussy though.
"there is people living like kings and we're not"

Hilarious. Did you see the pix of Trumps apartment in gold ? and the music jeez... Nice work of propaganda alex
that's a very patriotic man right there. listen to what he said America, be wise, be smart. let that video go viral!!! Trump 2016🇺🇸
Info wars is in trumps pocket..
he is illuminati people come on open your eyes
Trump supporters have very low intellect. It's science. lol
o.m.g he was a stupid ass back than too
if youre on this channel get off it and don't come back alex sold out years ago. He is linked directly to the evil ones he reports about, please do not be fooled.
Opra Winfrey for VP

sorry if I butchered the spelling...
Idk, you seem to be doing just fine, great production value, great viewing numbers, and even products that you advocate for, in other words, you're feeding off the system the exact same way as the people you're preaching about, quite hypocritical, but of course, money is needed to survive, so no one blames you, but how can you live with yourself getting in front of that camera and manipulating people into disowning their society, when you , yourself, are thriving off it with the help of YouTube, and desperate people looking for truth in reality. You're just feeding them what they want to hear, you are taking advantage of them same as the "tyrants" you bash on a daily bases, in fact, I believe they are the ones that put you up to this,, because you seem to mimic everything they do
saw this video awhile ago.. was good..
I love the heartfelt music playing in the background, like one of those fucking abused-animal ads you see at 3am.  "Powerful".
it doesn't fucking matter... whoever is in office will be yet another puppet..
Trump is an arrogant tosser but given the choices he is without doubt the best choice for USA.
It's funny how desperate these conservative nut cases are. All of the other 16 republicans dropped out so they are forced into worshipping their billionaire who was a democrat for 60 years of his life, he's said he's pro choice. He changes his opinion on a daily basis. He even once said he would run as a republican because the republican voters in the U.S are the stupidest people in this country.
see how Larry king tried to imply that Republicans don't care about the working man. what a scum bag.
honestly if any of you believe this election is real... lol.. its fake. everyone is appointed to do something and it don't matter who you vote for. they are all Satanists and are no for us regardless
Clinton/Warren 2016!
what is this cancer
No he's not the same person now he's an idiot and he says incredibly stupid things now all the time
Trump's guilty of fraud for his venture Trump University. He hasn't brought ONE satisfied customer forward to publicly state how great his course was. He said he "thousands'" of positive testimonials. LOL. Then he blames the judge cause he's Mexican, LOL. Trump is a fraud. His wall won't work. The Mexicans will cross legally for seasonal work for all the fake farmers that will bring them here. The Mexicans will wire the money to the fake farming industry the wall will bring. Once here, the Mexicans won't return. Same goes for the jobs. Carrier, Ford and the rest will just pass on an import tax, prices will rise, demand Will drop, and assembly plant workers here using Mexican parts will be laid off. These companies don't have to negotiate with a one term president. They aren't going to spend the money to built factories or move the machinery needed to set up shop for just 4 years of trump non sense. Same goes for what China ships here.  They don't have to make a deal with Chump Trump. Chump's a bullshitter, and always has been.
The real Donald?...  Lmao. Yea okay. Nobody that rich and famous is real. Nobody. Nice ghostbusters line tho. Lol.
come on people 79000 views only 2000 likes hit that like button and leave a comment if your a real infowarrior im from scotland so dont have a dog in this race but we need change now
1988
Donny is a maniac
I'm either not voting, or quite possibly libertarian, cause I'm definitely not voting for a racist, and most certainly not for Clinton.
Trump is a Social Justice Warrior.  A thin skinned narcisstic racist that thinks he's smart enough to be a con man.  Put all the piano backing you want, he is the problem not the solution.
LOL what an Agent!
Trump hasn't rape multiple women, killed 100 of people.... please, this is petty shit....now I've unsubscribed to this,sounds like the government paying for this information to be put out!??
vote 2016 Trump
BERNIE SANDERS HAS BEEN SAYING THIS AND BETTER FOR 30 YEARS+ AND THERE IS MORE THAN ONE VIDEO TO PROVE IT. END THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM
Trump is Americas last hope.
Trump 2016!!!!
Surprised that Info Wars is not going with the 'Trump is false flagging to insure Hillary's election' angle.
King David wanted to golf? hahaha
Hitler had his hearth in the right pace too, he just had a little problem with execution... Oops! Bad choice of words.
Please provide a LINK to the page mentioned in the video "This is the video that will get Trump Elected".
http://www.infowars.com/this-video-will-get-donald-trump-elected-if-it-goes-viral/
I feel sorry for Trump supporters
Cometh the hour, cometh the man.
Camelot with her Arthur is not beyond the aspirations of the founding Americans.
After seeing this video, I have no,doubt that Trump is the right choice. I will vote for Trump and Im Mexican.
all these interviews i've seen in full, and in all of them is quite obvious he is paving the way for a future presidential campaign. making himself hard to get or uninterested in the job is just part of a game that he knows too well. this is just my 2 cents...
What a great place to put trumps videos, he has no info.... but I'm sure he will create wars!!!!!!!!!
Trump is the man, i wish him well in the election
bill Clinton is a rapist NEW WORLD ORDER SINNER AGAINST GOD ANDWILL BE JUDGED
Hillary Clinton is a satanist witch!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im voting Democratic for the first time in my life. its saddens me that all this time i was voting Republican while those same people next to me were hidden racists pretending to like my views. Republican party is racists. Its that simple. Im voting Hillary just for the sake of this Pathetic Country
What a man.
Let's give Trump a crack at it. See what the private sector is made of.
And no that video won't get him elected because that's who he was, definitely not who he is now sorry.
See I've honestly been hating on Trump until now, he was very inspirational back then and really spoke for the people. So why doesn't he act like that anymore? Why did he change so much? I don't understand I'd vote for him if he was still that old Trump but no I can't vote for him now because of what he does and how he acts,it's Disgraceful.
Hillary is going to win or obama is going to stay in office. Only two things that will happen. Watch!
Makes me want to cry for America.
I can't vote for him. sure, he is pro gun, isn't a career politician, and is a good business man. but this man doesn't know anything about foreign policy, the use of the military, or our own political issues. no one has a sensible argument when it comes to these things because its facts that he doesn't know a lot of the important things. I would also never ever vote Hillary we are so fucked.
If Hillary wins I think America will be very lost and those voters will come to regret it. They just don't know it yet.
Can't be serious he's a fraud and everyone knows it
Trump's hair wasn't as fake back then.
Based on what Trump was like back then compared to now, I think that Trump has become a little mean spirited and spiteful. His heart is definitely in the right place, but I wish he wasn't so mean spirited. Oh well, I guess what you're gonna get from him is what your gonna get.
we can only pray someone cuts out his tongue
the great trump of god. well his time is now as america is going down hill fast.
Trump's message, attitude and ideals have been consistent. Hillary has a proven track record of lying.
nice raspy voice, perhaps lay off sucking so much cock for a few days
Many people that don 't support Trump are clueless to how corrupt and self serving the US government is. The truth is a bitter pill to swallow. The only people I know who don't like Trump all work for large corporations and benefit from NAFTA and globalization. Their incomes have risen well beyond the pace of inflation while average workers in North America have seen
job losses and declining incomes.  The corporations  want to make their products somewhere else BUT sell them hear allowing them to make the maximum profits that they use to pay all the suites huge salaries justifying this by stating they have shareholders they are responsible to. Companies can produce in NA and still be very profitable, not as profitable but still very profitable. This all comes down to greed and corruption. Trump knows this.
When Donald states the bit about the small brain and the big smile, I instantly thought of Barack Obama.
ha, he sounds the same.
lol might as well vote for bozo the clown...
Why are they playing baby music on clips? Is he a man baby?
We need to share and spread this shit around folks, were so close to getting our first meme president dont give up now
that line about unpopular decisions that may be right, really puts things into perspective.
Good thing you guys have 1.4 million people to make this viral
what the hell is it with the little moronic automatons running around wanting Bernie's communism??? wtf this is treason of the highest caliber
I like how Trump never says anything substantial and yet gets a ton of support.
"It's bad, I'll make it good, poor people like me, rich people don't like me".
It's interesting how easy it is to manipulate people.
They are running a jack-o-lantern corpse against him.
"The truth is his dad was blue collar"

Oh, so that explains why he was worth 400 million dollars.
"He's like King David, he likes women but his heart is good".
#ClintonIsCancer
I actually watched that video the other day, I just wish the guy that put together the compilation didnt put the looping piano music in the background. It totally distracts from what he is saying :c
All those candidate are NWO scum bags don't trust anyone
MAGA!!!
A link to the video might help it get some views. No link here or on infowars that I can find.
You say King David liked women, yes and he fell hard and all his country suffered because of it.
bernie is the same guy but all you guys can say is he never had a job. at 20 years old bernie was nvm you guys are so lost.
GET HIM IN!!!
Alex you should run a video of Hillary's life of the past 30 years to show how evil she is before the Trumps 30 years.
I don't love trump, but he is our best choice out of the candidates presented to us. Why not try something different, we have had republicans, dems, socialists, why not a patriotic businessman? We have had a black/white community organizer that screwed it up. Just put all the dice back in the cup and toss em. Maybe Yahtzee this roll???
i helped alex catch wind of this video, i put it up in defense of trump on his facebook, next thing you kno its up on here.
NICE job!! shared it
Its a shame its associated with info wars because people will dismiss it as A-typical looney Alex stuff and not even watch it...
https://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/balance/c5700.html
▀█▀▒█▀█▒█▒█▒█▒▒▒█▒█▀█▒▒█▀█▒█▀█▒█▒█▀█▒█
▒█▒▒█▄█▒█▒█▒██▒██▒█▄█▒▒▄▄█▒█▒█▒█▒█▄▄▒█
▒█▒▒█▀▄▒█▄█▒█▒█▒█▒█▒▒▒▒█▄▄▒█▄█▒█▒█▄█▒▄
I cant find the video Alex refers to ???  why was it not linked in the video it is so important to go viral ???
Can I have the "supreme cobra commander" as a ring tone.
#Trump2016
Trump is awesome.
Is there a link to the compilation video ?????
Did his beliefs about Qaddafi change, or is it just our imagination that he has said differen things?
Ive seen all those vids and Trump is for real.People need to forget about all the dum race baiting shit and go and read his plans  about how trump is gonna lower taxes and how it can be done and see how hes gonna create jobs and how hes gonna do it.I always say vote for the one that is gonna help u save more money.And Trump will help me save more money.Hillary will cost me and everyone eles.Unless you dont work and the state helps you out.I much rather PAY MY WAY THEN A HAND OUT.
He is another fucking con...I am going to love seeing all these supporters eat crow when he ends up being another asshole in office or a do nothing.
He just wants power, he has done nothing to make this country a better place, only line his own pockets. Spouting all of his platitudes...He has been playing both sides of the fence for years, one day a liberal and the next day a conservative. 
He gave money to the clinton's...and other shitty politicians.

How is it possible that we are more stupid every election cycle?

And I hate clinton and sanders!
Donald still has the same hairstyle.
Hear me out...and most will be revolted by the idea:
President: Trump - pushing for economic prosperity which has been his objective as long as he can revert to his former more composed persona
VP: Sanders - pushing for safety nets to allow the society to build the intellectual capital that is missing in the US given the current state.
Alex, you are not going to get 50 million views, whacko.
I was gonna vote for Trump even before i saw this video. He is the only one.
TRUMP 2016 for Freedom & Liberty !!! I got grandkids to fight for , And i'll be damned if I let any motherfucker steal their future .....
Almost Ron Paul-ish in terms of consistency.
30 years HOW IS THIS RELEVANT?!?!?
TRUMP  definitely  has my Vote simply  the Best for our America
Alex,    this  compilation  vid  has been out  for a little while .   And    all the individual vids  have been out there for a long time  ,,,  But  Damn   make it  GO  viral.


  TRUMP  2016  !!!     The  fight   BEGINS    to  topple  Clinton Crime  Family.
You know Trump took  NY City out of the Getto age !!! before he was 35 !!!
Trump is a stupid ignorant racist pig.  no one is stupid to vote for this stupid ass pig, he is not going to con people with his stupid racist hypocritical views.
wtf is up with your voice? Start exercising u fat fuk
back before he was purchased by the clintons lol
So what, Hitler promised to make Germany great again too.
Trump should use clips like these and run some positive commercials with them. That'll get the BoodToobers in on the action.
Alert========i Am from Texas  =======they are interfering with Democrats and the Election Process in Texas==========Alert======Alert=======Alert
Where is the link to this video? Went to infowars and all I really saw was a bottle of male vitality for a little less than 60$ bucks... I get it need to make money.. Hmm
======Traitors======Traitors===Remember 911================Alert=============Alert==========
I see nothing wrong with anything Trump said . WTF ?
Alert====Alert=======Trolling Website=====White supremecy==== Rascist=====Disinformation=====Alert=====Alert===
My post are getting Manipulated as well as My Picture.............
My post are getting Manipulated as well as My Picture.............
they are trying to Block Posts.....just to let everybody Know.......
Do not be so ========Gullible===========Aryan Elites are not Good People..........
Hell yea!
I don't trust this dude at all. He's been schmoozing with the Clintons.
Donald J Trump is a good person, he has a kind heart, and is very smart, pray he brings Rand H Paul in as his Vice President, together, they provide balance, knowledge, integrity, best leadership possible for this country.
What's wrong with this man's voice? And why is he wearing a Mr Potato Head?
I'm sure this anchor is in every Adam Sandler film from the 2000s.
We are being played always have. Dont forget all the lies that have been told to us for all this time .
But he just says i'm gonna make it better than before, i'm gonna protect them against the other guys.
But he never says how he is going to do that, you can see you can fly, but I've never seen you flying?

Or do the American populace don't care about factual ideology and expansion of ideas?
I still can't let go of the fact the elections are fake and have been for the last 50yrs. or so . I cant believe that there is out of the blue all this change that is going to happen with this one man's trek to the oval office. With all the B/S it's hard for me to think that this man is not just playing the roll given by the rest of the system just to get him there . Just a thought " The Donald " in Greek means ... wait for it ... WORLD LEADER  dont believe me look it up for yourself . I 'm just saying looks like the same ol same ol to me now at the end of all this . There is no stopping what is coming but you can have oil for your lamps. Be ready and test all things and take heed that you are not deceived.
lol......"this video will elect Donald Trump"... You should write comedy........... oh wait you are writing comedy........hahahaha

Why are the Trump supporters such empty headed laughable fools?
I'm Hispanic.  I  support  Donald  Trump  for president  of the  United States of America.  even  if he ask me to leave the country, but  make  America great again.
lets get this shit viral
His detractors don't get that his bluster is an act necessary to get people's attention. This video shows that the "real" Trump is very intelligent and sincere.
I watched this video about a month ago. It verified what I already know.
im voting TRUMP
Trump has much more natural compassion then hillary,he actually is a nice guy,non racist,common sense motivated strong defiant,brilliant kind of guy.....i have never been more happy to know a guy like him is actually alive in my time and my vote can help him get elected.......TRUMP2016!
He will do his best to clear away the debts of America. He will bring wealth back. He will provide jobs. That way people will have real wealth. He will provide businesses to people. He will make America rich again. You will have your American dream. Is that bad?
The fact that he says time and time again that he doesn't want to be president makes me want him to be president even more. His beliefs haven't been tainted by the liberal cesspool of thought. He hasn't been bought out. He doesn't need to pander to thugs and illegals. He is the only president in a long time who actually represents America. Most of our representatives represent us the wrong way. Ways that benefit them not America in general. Like trump said. America needs a leader who speaks what is right. Not one who just puts on a smile. For too long has our government done good with bad intentions and for too long have the citizens paid their price.
I HAVE SEEN THIS VIDEO BEFORE, IF ONLY THE UN- INFORMED WOULD RESEARCH TRUMP THEMSELVES. HOW COULD YOU NOT WANT THIS MAN AS PRESIDENT. TRUMP 2016 !
donald sees america as a business ... thats not good
"Let's play this clip, of the real Donald Trump"
>real
>Oprah
chumaleaaaaa trump
Will the real Americans, please fight back to this extremism.
Latinos for trump ... ( we are a minority but our hearts are in the right place )
idk megyn kelly and fox is against him.
Handsome and smart !!!
+Ace  NONO NO!!! NOT TRUMP!! NEVER TRUMP! he is "consistantly" a BIGOT and COWARD. never served his country, EVER!!!  He is a DRAFT DODGER!!!!   he will split this country with HATE & PREJUDICE.  and please don't be fool enough to think that Trump NEVER told a lie.
Alex, are we "Americans" are we at a point of no return. ? Unless we turn America back to God, I don't see a future for America at all... any statement from you is welcome on this issue. vocal point is America going to stand..?
alex, clear you fat throat. its gross
Thanks for posting Alex.
Lol, gotta love how Trump is always talking about America being ripped off. Coming from someone as wealthy as him in a country as prosperous and FULL of wealth and prosperity as the U.S. is laughable. Awe poor baby Trump the billionaire is tired of seeing his country ripped off. What a joke. Alex are you guys for real supporting this con man?
Because of their greed of power they might assassinate him. I fear for his life. May God keep him safe.
Trump is a patriot. This time around that's all you need to know.
He became pissed off with so many bad things going on in the country. He is also pissed off with the politicians and the media trying to bash him with lies and everything.
that soft baby music really makes me trust him. NOT ...hahaha just makes him soft, either hes tough enough or hes a softy, which is it.
No one should support anyone who committed treason. Treasonous Trump Rented NJ Property To Libyan Dictator Muammar Gaddafi
guys it's on infowarts.mom
Donald Trump could be the greatest Dictator ever.
Donald Trump , handsome, patriotic, Intelligent, articulate .. Turn the clock back far enough on Hillary Clinton and you'll see a communist  radical  spewing Marxist theology..
WTF is this America being ripped off by other countries??? bonkers
I'm trying you no one will be a president if not play wit SATAN I don't care HOW is look like you wanna know how much they LIE look OBAMA he promises everything you like to here and never did one promise you don't understand they are have no rules ok and don't care if you like it or not
Nobody knows what Trump really believes, he's argued for every position imaginable.
vote Donald trump for president!!!!
This dude rides Donald Trumps dick more than his wife
sounds like this dude smokes a carton of cigarettes a day, learn how to speak to an audience not pause every other word, your as alive as a corpse....
please share this video everyone.. he is the real deal!! we don't want to be stuck with that she devil pumpkin head lying piece of whale shit.
Where is the full video??
THUG LIFE
BITCHES BLUNTS AND 40s
vote for donald 
let's make america racist again
AMERICANS UNITE !!! TRUMP 2016 !!!
ADK WHY THERE IS BACKGROUND MUSICI IN THE VIDEO  IT´S MIND MANIPULATION.
ANND WHY?  BETTER START ASKING BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS CALCULATED.
Do you Americans still believe your votes count/matter? Did you forget about the florida "recount"? Hillary has already been chosen. Just like George W. was. Your beautiful country has been brilliantly hijacked. I pray for America.
Just like Sanders got the nomination because he said the same things for more than 30 years. Yeah, right. They are gonna rig it again!
I KEEP TELLING PEOPLE... Look this is your last chance that God gives you Trump to take this nation back on track. God calls people to do His Will. Don't you Americans open your stupid eyes and take the look at your country messed up from left to right and up to down by the NWO Globalists?
Ahh! When he was smart, quiet, calm and collected...and liberal!
This video looks very promising.
Less than one minute of video and we are all going to change our minds ? Are you kidding lol
Really? Why is there never, ever, ever, a link to the damn videos you talk about? I mean never. Links to your countless products and your all your channels, but to the story your talking about , oh hell no. Why is that?
What a great man!
Clinton liked women
Is Donald trump Josh Homme's real Daddy?
He hit the nail right on the head here.
People care more about a president with a great smile and a dumb brain then someone with a great brain but not a great smile
What's the name of the song?
Even in his youth, Tramp had a tiny little pie hole of a mouth. The Pentagon's internet (look up Arpanet) is hellbent on making him president. Rednecks worship him because he's a misogynist racist warmonger. Some rednecks will be happy in Tramp's New World Order. Others will be ashamed that they helped usher in the Fourth Reich.
watched it and loved it.  Thank You
watched it and loved it.  Thank You
The Real Hope and Change. The Real Revolution. Trump 2016!
I wasnt going to vote for Trump but after watching this video I want to vote for Trump.
Trumps Dad being blue collar makes a huge difference and explains why he identifies more with the taxi drivers that the mega old rich families that have manipulated America for so long now . And whats more interesting is the premonition of being President one day . Shame he doesn't look like his young self / Pretty cute guy back then
always wanted to see this IDIOT... missing NOTHING
Wait a minute! 
They had Obama under their wing way back when he was in college,
So forgive me if I'm still a wee bit sceptical.
I really hope & pray that he is sincere & is the real deal.
But I keep my hope & faith in GOD almighty against this monstrous machine!
Donald trump will make America great again
There are many unbiased videos of Trump in the past. He is a good man. Do your own research instead of getting drugged or indoctrinated by evil Killary.
it'll be sad if he's not elected,maybe if Hillary becomes president and no real results are shown during her time then the u.s public may see she ain't any good,which is probably going to be the case.
Wake up to reality folks! You Hillary and Bernie fans were indoctrinated, mind controlled, and/or drugged with falsehoods. Trump's speeches right now were his ideas from his past. He said them in public and I'm grateful they were recorded. He is a very nice and consistent person. You have been deceived by the witch Killary. Wake up from the evil media spell!
sorry not sorry, but this video shed zero light on what kind of man trump is.. the corny music in the background exposes it for what it really is, a desperate attempt to make people think he is some great person.
OMG how can you don't see that Trump is not the answer, he is going to take you to the cliff! Every thing that he is suggesting you're going to pay for it, the tax agaist Mexico and everything, all the jobs are going to China! That's insane! you're suppotying the enemy! You have to see a more global view.
the sound dosent match his lip movement, they  have software to do this fakery, is this fakery?
I'm all in for Trump now. America has a choice, Hillary the criminal or Donald J Trump the amazing businessman, and a true patriot.
Voting Trump 2016, revenge for what they did to Ron Paul in 2012.
I'm Mexican Donald Trump has my vote I've seen a lot of videos and proof of him he is our only hope we cannot let Killary Clinton become president it's like Bill Clinton becoming president in 2016 for his third term you don't think she's going to be taking advice from her scumbag husband and now Obama is endorsing him for president just shows you how evil they are they are all working together
Robbed Bernie suporters are jumping on the Trump train.
Its disgusting and should be absolutely terrifying what the media has done to this man with little more than repetition and one false label. They can do this to any of us. Take something we said out of context or just outright fabricate something and have hundreds of thousands of people or even millions hating our guts for NOTHING. How many people have these MSM propagandists got killed with their lies? I'm not even talking about the war propaganda and their covering for scum bags in high places while they harm and kill countless innocent people, I'm talking about just how many individual people have they literally smeared and lied to death? I really wonder. These people are so mind numbingly evil and cruel. They NEED to be brought to justice.
Donald Trump!!! you've got my vote...screw Hillary...
This youtube channel and the people that support this channel are terribly deluded and the people are falling for a absolute conman. Scary world.
video starts at 2:18
Reverse psychology the more they attack Trump- the more supporters he gets.
Hillary should not even be running but in prison- she would be luck to be overalls.
America runs on credibility and respect- the rest comes after that. He is very
smart and mostly does not even need cuecards...
DONALD THE ONLY PERSON THAT BRINGS UP HOW OFF BALANCED THE USA IS BECAUSE OF UNDOCUMENTED PEOPLE!!!
I'm a bit confused on this, but how come Donald Trump supported the assault weapons ban in 2000? Was he trying to stay in low profile so that the Elites wouldn't see him as a threat to the NWO? I would appreciate it if someone can answer my question. 👍
Hillary Couldn't put Bernie away. With Bernies supporters behind Trump.
Hillary has No chance to
Win!
"If" Hillary wins, can we just band behind Trump and have a second Civil war?
This video has been around a real long time,  but still nice of you guys to remind me again about it.
The people who dislike  is Bernie sheeple and Clinton slaves.
very piano. so feeling. much sad. wow. amaze.
My heart hurts so bad, he's a good man
Please share this
wasting my time I turn this video to watch Donald Trump and got blasted with Infowars
I truly hate Hilary and all she stands for. I am voting for Trump 100% and all my friends and family are, too.
I'm almost certain that there will come a point where Alex will also go against Trump.
Every day Alex talks about Trump. Is he ever going to have him back on the show again? Seems like it has been forever since their last interview. I mean WTF?
Wow, that made me emotional..
"like king david did" what a zionist quote lol
Trump is the incarnate of America in human form!!! #AMERICA1ST #TRUMP2016
saw this video a while ago and its proof trump is the real deal! a sinaloa mexican american for trump!
I saw this video in June 2015 about a week after he announced his candidacy, and I immediately decided this is America's savior. We need a nationalist in the White House, not some globalist puppet.
all the ushers are in place, here comes The Queen
No one loves the bible like Trump.
maybe that was Donald Trump in past it's him now he is a racist and he is a liar an also etc. time change people sometime.
God Emperor Trump loves everyone except Rosie O'Donnell
What are the lefts arguments against this I wonder?
this video is heart touching to me. I been told Donald trump should never become president but I see his real motives now to build this country back up...
He did a few of these interviews starting somewhere around 1987. I've been waiting for him to run for office ever since.

David Letterman also did similar interviews around the same time. Both David and Oprah asked him to run for president after the interviews.

Take notice of the silence now with both David & Oprah... they both had used their platforms to endorse Obummer both times.

Now they both went silent because they don't want to eat their own words & look like stupid hypocrites. If Trump wasn't running this round... both David & Oprah's mouths would be running for Hillary. Scumbags.
what a great honest man he is! TRUMP 2016
looking good number 9
Donald trump is the man! #trump2016
Were is the video? Did youtube take it down?
God Bless Donald Trump. Trump for President 2016.
HOW IN THE WORLD SOMEBODY ASK TRUMP 30 YEARS AGO IF HE LIKE TO BE THE PRESIDENT AND SOMEHOW HIS SHOWING THE VIDEO TODAY IS THIS A JOKE OR THE STUPID SET UP EVER TRUMP IS ALL ABOUT MONEY AND EVEN IF HE LIKE TO SAVE AMERICA THERE IS NO WAY TO STOP THE SLAVERY MONEY MAKING MACHINE IN CHINA TO NOT TAKE THE WORLD ECONOMY AND KEEP AMERICANS HAPPY THIS IS FANTASY AND SECOND OBAMA WILL STAY UNDER MARTIAL LAW BILL OR WW3 WIT RUSSIA AND CHINA THEY ALREADY HAVE HIM GENERAL OF NATO OBAMA HAVE INDEPENDENT ARMY FROM AMERICAN ONE AND HAVE SET THE THINGS UP THE RACE IS JUST A SMOKE SCREEN TO KEEP THE SHEEP BELIEVE IN SOME HOPE SO THEY WILL BE TAKEN BY SURPRISE YOU BETTER GET RIGHT WIT JESUS STOP ALL SIN AND PRAY FOR FORGIVENESS CUS NO ONE CAN ESCAPE DEATH AND JUDGMENT THIS WHAT SATAN HIDING FROM YOU HE KNOWS EVERYTHING ON EARTH STAY ON EARTH EXCEPT THE SOUL AND THIS IS ALL ABOUT ON THE END OF THE DAY IS DOSNT MATTER WHAT YOU HAVE DONE AS LONG YOU EXCEPT JESUS AND REPENT MANY CIVILISATION WAS DESTROY SO FAR WAY MORE ADVANCE THE WE ARE THE GOVERNMENT DIG OUT SOME OF THE HIDDEN KNOWLEDGE AND BEAN CORRUPT OVER SATANIC POWERS THE GO AFTER THIS JUST LIKE ALEXANDER THE GREAT,CESAR,HITLER,STALIN AND OTHERS POPPETS OF THE OCCULT WHO CONTROL THINGS AND MAKE DECISION ABOUT HOW THINGS WILL PLAY AND IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THE WILL SEND TO TAKE YOU OUT EVERY GOVERNMENT KNOWS ABOUT IT AND PLAY THE GAME THIS IS WAY THEY ARE IN POWER FOR CENTURY AND THEY HAVE THE HELP OF THE FALLEN ANGELS WHO WILL COME TO EARTH KNOWING JESUS COMING AND THEY WILL TAKE AWAY FROM THE FAITH A LOT OF BRAIN WASH IDIOTS WHO WILL BELIEVE EVERYTHING THE MINUTE THEY SEE SOME ADVANCE POWERS WHO JUST NOW GOT HERE AND THEY HAVE FAKE JESUS WIT THEM AFTER THEY MAKE YOU BELIEVE THEM THEY WILL TELL YOU THAT OTHER ATTACK IS COMING AND THEY WILL FIGHT WIT THE ARMY OF REAL JESUS OBVIOUSLY THE FAKE JESUS WILL BE WORRY FROM THE COMING EVIL POWER WITCH MEAN HE IS NOT THE ALMIGHTY GOD IF HE HAVE A PROBLEM SO WE ALL WILL DIE DOSNT MATTER HOW THE QUESTION IS DID WI TRY TO FIND GOD AND GET RIGHT WIT HIM BEFORE IS TO LATE OR WE ARE CHICKEN SHIT AND WILL GO WIT SATAN STRAIT TO HELL WITNESS FOR JESUS IS LORD AND GOD BLESS EVERYBODY WHO HAVE SOME BRAIN LEFT AND THINK FOR HIMSELF AND NOT LISTEN THE TV FOR EVERYTHING GOD WILL NEVER CREATE US JUST TO DIE IS POINTLESS OK SO WE ARE BEAN TEST IT OK THE PLANET IS A FILTER FOR SOUL AND HELL IS THE DUMPSTER FOR SATAN AND HIS FOLLOWERS I MEAN HOW STUPID HAVE TO BE TO SE HOW STAN RUNNING THE EARTH AND BELIEVE IN HELL IS SEX DRUGS AND ROCK N ROLL HIS A FATHER OF LIE OK HE IS NOT THE CREATOR HI IS A CREATION OK SO IF HE CANT ESCAPE JUDGMENT OF GOD AND TRY TO DECEIVE YOU MANY AS MAKE GOD TROW THEM IN HELL WHAT IN THE WORLD MAKE YOU THINK THAT YOU WILL ESCAPE PEOPLE ARE SO BEAN TRAP HERE SO THEY WILL GO WIT EVERYTHING THE GOVERNMENT SAY AND NEVER THINK FOR THEM SELF THIS IS WAY THEY ARE PLAYING YOU FOR A FOOL KEEP YOU IN DARKNESS AND KILL YOUR KIDS IN SENSELESS WARS AND SATANIC RITUAL ONLY US HAVE MISSING KIDS AND NEVER CALL FOR RANSOM  IS THE IGNORANCE AND STUPIDITY ON TOP OF EVERYTHING THANKS TO HOLLYWOOD IF YOU EVER HAPPEN TO SEE SOMETHING YOU WILL NEVER TELL TO THE OTHER FROM FEAR TEY MAY SAY YOU ARE WATCHING TO MUCH FANTASY MOVIES BUT THEY NEVER CHECK YOUR STORY TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE THERE IS NO SUCH THING LIKE THEY KNOW FOR SURE SO FRIENDS GOD BLESS AND DONT TRUST NO ONE BUT JESUS JUST CALL ON HIM AND YOU SEE THINGS HAPPEN DONT BE IDIOT AND ASK FOR MONEY OR THINGS JUST SAY YOU SORRY FOR YOUR SIN AND ASK HIM TO CLEAN THE DEMONS INSIDE OF YOU I SEE WIT MY EYES HOW THING GO OUT OF ME FIND PRAYERS ON YOU TUBE SPEND SOME TIME WIT WORD AND TALK TO HIM HE HEAR EVERYTHING BE ONENESS AND YOU MAY GET A SING WHO KNOWS DONT GIVE UP THE FIGHT FOR YOUR ETERNITY WIT THE LORD THERE IS NO OTHER GOD BUT JESUS THE REST NEVER ANSWER PRAYERS NEVER COME IN FLESH AND BLOOD TO DIE TO PROVE THERE IS GOD IF YOU CRAZY YOU WILL NEVER GO TRUE THE TORTURE IN THE NAME OF ILLUSION RIGHT SO GOD IS THERE AND NOW ARE THE END DAYS IF NOT NOTICE IT AND FEEL IT THAN YOU ARE TO FAR GONE
Donald Trump's success I believe can be attributed to the fact that his message resonates with working class middle Americans who have come to realize they have been betrayed by the very people they've elected as representatives. Over 30 some years his philosophy remains essentially the same and has not wavered.He is a decided nationalist who has the future of America in his best interest.He now poses a direct threat to the established old guard who view him as an dangerous insurgent who may jeopardize the entrenched corrupt paradigm and as someone who will not compromise on principle. Trump will hopefully expose those venal,unethical and underhanded elements in Washington that have made political careers of treachery, people he knows of all too well.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/740972317191352320
WOW. All these people are immature bigots
A man that wants to ban everyone that practices a certain religion from entering the U.S  is not fit for president. A man that publicly attacks a female is not fit for president. A man that calls for the deportation of every illegal immigrant rather than help them gain citizenship  is not fit for president. A man that has no background in politics is not fit for president. A racist man is not fit for president. A man that thinks Mexico will pay for a wall is not fit for president. Not saying no names but...
Bernie is over, time to vote TRUMP
when he said "wealthy people dont like me" my heart broke a little bit. i felt that was SO genuine! this man is our ONLY hope!! he is trying to help us and its our job to stand up and help him! VOTE! Trump2016!
I'm for Bernie but that is a compelling video.  Thanks for the info.
GREAT video sir
watched this video a year ago.   I knew then Trump was good for president then!!@
😊
trump was not bad looking when he was young and his hair was not bad either
Had to like 4 different times before it stuck. YouTube is blocking likes
Trump is true to himself, meaning he is genuine.
Hi Alex where's Video, just cant find it lets spread the VIDEO'''
Go trump!
OMG U R SO SICK "U WILL GET TRUMP ELECTED" DIAL IT BACK YO STOP SELLING CRAP JUST SELL T-SHIRTS STOP DILUTING THE MESSAGE STOP WEARING TRUMP CLOTHES MY GAWD BTW THIS VIDEO HAS BEEN ON THE INTERNET FOR YEARS
Only vote paper ballots!!!
Where the heck is the Trump video? I can't find it! Edit. OK found it after a search. Let's make this VIRAL Y'all!!!!!!!!
I gave you a thumbs down because, once again you posted a title that is SOOOOOOOOOO FARRRRRR from what you actually showed, its as absurd as everything I emailed you about.
MEMEMEMEMEMEME, never about the topic, just Alex Alex Alex Alex, yeah right it is your show, but what part about THE SHOW don't you get? Matt Drudge is UNSEEN, ya get that?
Quit lamestreaming your CRAP. Get back to basics and tell it like it is! You could have summarized this info in under 3 minutes, the amount of time you gave to Trump in this video. Go back and time it, AND DON'T COUNT THE TWICE AIRED OPRAH!
Trump and Hillary need to make a sweet ATM porn.
Trump has been the most consistent patriot, politicians like Hillary change their views for popularity bc their real views are too criminal and self serving.  She's going to regret running against trump he is about to UNLOAD some serious crimes she has committed on the public.  Get ready Hillary, karma is one hell of a bitch!!!
I passed this on ; God bless America..  Vote Trump 2016
He's the real deal
damn Alex I really watched this video maybe two weeks ago and I knew this was serious business.. I like it that it caught your eye to and promoting it..  ha
just show the video and shut the F up Alex
I've been with AJ since VHS tapes in front of the black curtain. I'm 43, a biracial man... and now I can proudly say... 
TRUMP 2016!
Wow donald trump you are cute I would never imagine but I'm burning for you now I want change not what I said I'm speaking in my phone I think you are an awesome person I like how you speak your mind can be offensive and that's what they point I like it that you speak your mind and yourself . I support you
its now or never.............trump or die
I love this man!!! Trump is our only hope!!!

WAKE UP AMERICA!!!!
TRUMP IS OUR ONLY HOPE!!!!
Someone link me that video when with either goes on the channel or as it is now on Youtube XD
Trump wins.
Clinton steals.
She and the snake at that tree have been busy for years 
Eating each other's fruit.
Alex, as usual thank you for the great Info. I can't stand mainstream media from the "Big 6". I refer to CNN as the Clinton News Network...and them calling Hillary a god is proof in the pudding, the truly are the Clinton News Network.
FreedomTrumpAmericansStandup🌟🌟🌟🌟
Oh Thats powerful video of Trump.  The kids today need to see it. Get that out to the colleges.
keep it up alex, i see secretary of state nomination for you! NOT
He was smarter when he was young.
What happened to him?
Great compilation
I cant believe all these stupid liberals say he used to be a democrat hes definitely a try hard conservative
Trump 2016!!!
If this WORLD wants to be better then ALL in builderburg and CFR need to be disappeared
hay! I said this should go viral like 2 weeks ago! Stole my material!
Donald Trump is a character,   he is a New Yorker,   in a city that never sleeps,  he keeps the ball rolling and dribbles,  never holds,   but  keeps the action going to score,   knowing there is only time to rest after you have won.    He reminds me of a good late night talk show host ,  when the  "On the Air"   sign lights up,  he goes, and never is there any dead air.   He talks ebbing and flowing,   back and forth ,  up and down the points,   a little here and a little there,   "I would be mostly to the right,  but not always,  because some things are more to the left,  but I am not too much to the left, but mostly to the right, because that just feels right for me, and I do what I want,  and  when I want to go to the left,   there is no reason for me not to go to the left,  but mostly I go to the right,  but who knows...."    And that is the speech pattern of a man who thinks as he is running down the street,  with no time to waste..   That is Donald Trump.
Oprah lol? Being on Oprah is the modern equivalent of being at Socrates's feet in an entertainment based idiocracy. Clinton might be a monster but trump runs in the same circles and will serve the very same interests. Watch the money flow now that he is a safe investment.
I have seen this video & have known trump has been fighting for yrs to help try to get change in America, alot of people don't know this, so glad ur sharing this now....he really was & always has been a good man....
I agree, this video would get him elected !!! 
But someone with my Talent, should add few things :)
include the links so lazy people can easily find it and join the Trump train too
I have Tweeted it out and put it on facebook
#NeverHillary #Trump4Truth
really going to be a drag when I can't blame the government for all my problems .I'm  kidding I blame the devil and good old fashion bad luck o and my personal favorite alcohol.and if I quit drinking then you Dame well known it's the Mexican fault .o shit I forgot it's way to fucking cold in Canada no Mexican in there rite mind is coming hear to bad cause shoveling snow really fucking sucks. wanna know what's funnier than seeing a Mexican shovel snow the stupid f**** toque the devil wear's when he's hear on business
Pretty awesome to hear him say those things all those years ago.
LINK TO THE ORIGINAL VIDEO ALEXXXXXXXXXXXXXX?!?!!!! CMONNNN
It appears the person behind this video put a lot of emotion behind them. From an artist perspective, it makes me feel like the person behind the video has given up and this is their last push to do good for their country.
"How were really making other people live like kings, but we're not."  That's profound...almost prophetic.  Hopefully Donald will slay the Hellary and get the country back on track.
Alex is great but he is sometimes a fool. Donald trump's policies are the exact same ones that caused the Great Depression and Germany's fall after world war 1. The only reason I support him is because when he leads American to hell in a hand basket we will have gun to protect ourselves
I seen that video of Donald Trump a while ago and sent it to everyone I knew
trump looked like he had lizzard eyes @ Oprah
Damn, Donald is handsome.
I've seen this video many months ago. 
Sometimes I feal Alex is a little late on some stuff, lol. 
I assumed everyone has seen this video of trumps past. 
Also footage of trump  fighting politicians in the 80s and 90s in Atlantic city. 
What about those clips? 
They tell the truth about the  "taxation without representation" and the corruption in Atlantic city at the time, and even today.
if ....IF DT maintains this line of idea....forgetaboutit, they are going to send him down JFK lane.
Trunps ok but probably an "insider" like AJ!....Trump (33freemason)?
Where can I find the video?
I just hope you're right about Trump
Donald trump has raw willpower.
I bet you the BuilderBerger meeting isn't even in German. Decoy.
Death to the NWO.. We Shall Prevail.. BUY more Ammo..
Watch out!
Hillary will try and rig the vote.
America going like Greek and Roman empire's.
6:40 I love that. He's a great boss. The facts are the facts. The bottomline is the bottomline. I like that in a boss. No passive aggressive bs you get from women and some pussy men that think that somehow their education level makes them superior.
John Kerry back in the 70s vs now. you just can't ever trust these.people til they do whT they say
I posted this on my FB page a couple of months ago.  It turned around a few of my friends who were anti-Trump.
add more dramatic music retard trump propaganda channel.
Should put some dramatic music when he kissed ass at the aipac conference.
I've already seen it
If you pay attention to when Trump was on the Opera show he was saying that the Clintons were corrupt then too.
DonaldTrump is the best.
I hope to see him President, I would like to see what he can do for Our Country. I do believe nomatter who is President the system is rigged but I hope him to become President and prove that Theory wrong. I do believe if Killary becomes President that we are all fucked and our country as we know it, will be over.
I shared this last week under "Why Trump diserves to be President!" I love this guy...
There's only 1 topic on the bilderberg agenda .. and that's Donald Trump.
Donald Trump has my vote.
TRUMP 2016.......
i will keep sharing this.
lies he saying for cash he don't care about no one else just himself
this should be shown everywhere
Up to this point I've been suspicious of Trump's motives. No more, that sealed my vote for Trump.
Trump 2016!!!!
From Bernie to trump Hillary will be a disaster! But he does need to relax on the way he expresses himself
He should have ran before the white population got so low...
Why is he always saying hell?? is he in love with hell?
this video needs to be going viral so people can see the lies that the media spreads about him. 

I Notice most of my likers and commenters got my previous comment miscontrued. I AM FOR TRUMP IDIOTS!
I watched this video before. The creator of the video is a Trump proponent from Venezuela that knows from first-hand experience that socialism never works out. 

There's also a video where Larry King interviewed Trump in '87, in which Trump remains true to what he believes in today. I was shocked to see how consistent he has been, and that he indeed does have principles.
damn... he use ta sound like I do now.... I dont know now... Im a lot more tempted to vote for the guy.  maybe he should stick with the soft-spokenness he had back then.
Not so "new"
I wish he was like this nowc
Of corse he's going to say what you want to hear he's on fucking tv
VOTE TRUMP...!!! ...  AMERICA FIRST  ....  Trump  is a winner, so join the team and jump on the Trump Train.. he will make a great POTUS.
I've seen this awesome video!!  I've shared this video quite a few times....Donald is real, he is pro America, he truly loves America!!
I saw the video with Oprah about a month ago wow
Mind Boggling.
The TROJAN HORSE TRUMP is going to build a burger to become the next puppet president of ROTHSCHILD united states Mystery Babylon corporation, ask Kissinger.
WARNING: TRUMP = CFR + NAZI + ILLUMINATI + HOMOSEXUAL + JESUIT
God Bless and protect Donald Trump!
last chance for USA to survive is electing Trump ....remember this
Too much OBAAAAAMA caused him to run..he knows the system is corrupt.
Trump 2016/24
He's long been consistent unlike a certain contemptible bitch who lies just to get more votes.
He's the real deal, unless he was groomed from a young age to bring us in to the NWO. I'm for Trump, but I'm doubting everything I see and hear nowadays and that's a shame
i like the video where he  asks larry king to back up cause his breath stunk....lmoa
not gonna lie, made my eyes water a little =P
Shillary is a transtesticle
Actually, 1980 is 36 years ago. -_- I feel old, lol.
WOOT WOOT the trump train is leaving the station!!!! Allllll aaaaabbbbboarrrdddd
love the ghostbusters bomb!!!
kkkillery kkklinton
TRUMP=POTUS
