It upsets me when people blindly defend sandy hook and make you out to be an asshole for saying children weren't murdered, and then the same people won't even begin to investigate the high profile personnel pedophiles and the ties and relations they have with other high profile people and organizations.
15:50 in

"Do we ban riding cars? It's the same thing".

No doofus. They are not the same thing. Hand guns were made for only one purpose. To kill, and this is coming from someone who own's licensed hand guns.
Alex apologized for #pizzagate and now Sandy hook? Is he auditioning for FOX NEWS???
to use a poker analogy, Alex, just raised on the fake stream media!....
Sometimes the argument works against itself. To criticize people for bring food into a crime scene,  but then to suggest they should be using the bathrooms inside and not porto-potties is contradicting. If you think they shouldn't bring food into a crime scene, they also shouldn't be going in to use the bathrooms.
I can you fake something like this.. and why?
I almost don't want to call Robbie Parker a scumbag because I really do not know what happened at Sandy Hook... But damn the odds are stacking up against his lying ass.
Alex Shill'fo-wars
Alex you say in one segment "You know you learn a lot running a major media operation like info-wars."  You say MSN hits you on your "strongest information." Then you confess you know nothing by saying "I don't know what happened there but it needs to be looked into? Which is it Alex? MSN hits you on your strongest information but you say your strongest information is not knowing what happened there. The day Sandy Hook happened you should have sent a Journalist to the crime scene. Then you would have known what happened. You boast Info-wars is a "major media operation." But you have no boots on the ground to investigate a scoop when it's actually taking place. Instead you wait for  all the major media stations you don't believe in, but watch, and then do a live stream calling what they reported a film hoax and call them fake news.
Alex maybe you can convince Trump to burn Caveman bone broth and not coal for alternative energy. Burning cow bones won't produce aquatic life killing acid rain like burning coal does.
If Sandy Hook is a cover up Alex its because you are not a news station. You are watching your TV and calling it a cover up. If watching TV and forming an opinion is info-wars, then any couch potato can watch TV and do a you tube live stream. You have no boots on the ground. Send investigative journalist to Sandy Hook. Interview parents, visit grave sites, talk with cops that were there, do something like that?
a small town were all the houses were paid for in full
Giving up your rights not only doesn't stop crime in fact giving them up is the worst crime.
Has anyone ever interviewed the mother of the shooter? Or tried to?
You know if anyone deserves to lose custody of his kids, it's you. Hopefully all the wrong you have done will come back to bite you.
He's such a fucking lunatic. Take your meds fatboy.
So this is just a place for trolls to refuel on content right? Nobody is taking this twat serious

The wayback machine isn't showing you a traffic graph you dishonest manipulative ass. 

https://youtu.be/MwudDfz1yAk?t=5m38s
Fuckn nutjob. He deserves to lose his kids.

I'm sure your average Trump cultist isn't any different.
Hey President Trump,
If  you want to give fake news a black eye: then have an investigation done on Sandy Hook
It was a gun grab false event and if you haven't figured it out by now, forget it
You people are batshit crazy. Lay off the drugs.
He killed 26 people there.
i believe people actually died but people need to understand the media lies and when we are blindly led around like sheep to the slaughter and dont ask questions we are worse off.
I just keep hoping that before the last of the hoaxers gives up or goes off to prison for harassment, fraud or treason, one of them will come up with something...ANYTHING that could CREDIBLY prove a hoax.   Nothing so far.   :(
LANZA DID NOT EXIST... HE WAS NOT REAL. HE WAS DIGITIZED... research the video with Nancy Lanza's sister.... within hours of the event, she stated she she did not have a nephew named Adam... she had one nephew named Mark.. THERE WS NO ADAM.
wow all you people are fucking nut bags
In other words Alex what Im saying is don't be defensive and you should not move on from this.John B Wells certainly hasn't moved on.We break through on this the NWO is finished,thats how important this is,don't throw a 70 year old patriot who is far from rich under the bus,he needs Americans support.
Lee Harvey Oswald was in the woods at Sandy Hook.
investigate ....investigate!
So if all of this fake, then what actually happened to the actual killer? Was he just an actor?
Columbian was tragic. Video proof. Sandy Hook stories change constantly. Sick.
keep up the good work
The FBI guy at the meeting freaking out at the teachers / parents really showed that his reaction actually literally fucked up. And the reason how it makes sense is that he looks puzzled when the other staff are like "whatever" on the faces. I can look at his abuse and body language.
Where is the evidence that anyone was killed at Sandy Hoax other than the words of the hoaxters. Vance is a lying bullshit artist and Anderson Crapper has a magic nose.
Let's all get a good (FOIA) listen if the helicopter that hovered over this event. Produce the transcript and audio of this helicopter's radio transmissions from 6:00AM to 6:00PM on the day of the event.
Sandy Hook is a farce; the epitome of fake news.
Why nobody just shoot this fat shit
i tell you what is scarey, that Robby Hook lives in Uvita, Costa Rica and i came across him the BM supermarket. 
And they are all Hilltards here, they hate Trump so much that them just knowing I voted for him they want to kill me. I even think they put a job on me.
So what I have worked out, all of the crisis actors live in nebula expat communities. I don't know how they have distributed them all, but they generally live in compounds in countries like Costa Rica, and obviously they would have them living together, since who you going to talk to about your life when you are struggling emotionally with it?
I would go as far to say, that here in Uvita, Costa Rica there are about 1000 crisis actors.
How gone does someone's brain have to be to think that you could pretend a school was open for 4 years in a town when it wasn't. How do you convince an entire town to go along with that and not a single person bust it open. I worry about the sanity of you people of what you think is actually possible. Staging a WMD is easy. Just say "they have them". That's not even the same thing as finding actors nobody has ever seen before and have never had contact with any other humans on the planet who would expose them as actors, convince an entire town to go along with a make believe school shooting, then fake all the death certificates of people who's lives you have invented somehow and not a single person exposes it as immoral and just goes with it. And you fucking morons think because "some stuff doesn't seem right" that means all of the above impossible things could have happened.
you're  next http://www.sun-sentinel.com/local/broward/fl-pn-sandy-hook-lucy-richards-arrest-20170403-story.html
How did Trump get voted in as President of the USA? See the Video above & most of the comments below & then you will understand! Fucking unbelievable!
How I see the world- YouTube channel has already done all the work for you alex, no one died, Sandy hook was a psyop, have robin on your show. Also peekay truth has exposed it for the gun grab, orchestrated agenda it was, fake news by fake Jews.
This fat cunt is a liar
you are worst then devil. God will punish you, feel sorry for your mother who gave birth to devil.
hope you loose all your family
ill believe it when they show 600 other kids say they were there. plus records show. they had no utilities three years prior .
Americans have become so utterly insane, much of which is this bozos fault, that humanity at large is at peril.
Pearl Harbor was a Hoax!!!  Seriously?
Final cause its not true ha. Loser
I don't like to look at human emotions to identify hoax because everyone deals with things differently. however there is to many signs on this thing to take the official report at face value
I love how he mentions that he's constantly getting taking out of context by MSM, then to show the discrepancies between different reports he plays several MSM clips without context.
Criminal crime?
"Adam Lanza" gave a eulogy at Pulse.
How can the kids have died when they showed up at the Super Bowl 2013, feeling well enough to sing?  Nobody died, and Sandy Hook has been thoroughly debunked as bullshit.  The CTSP 2012 Crime Report shows zero rifle deaths in Newtown, and this can be confirmed with a simple Google search.
drain the swamp
Anyone who thinks Sandy Hook was fake is a fucking retarded troll.
I live in Sandy Hook, I know parents of children who died, I can assure you this is not a hoax
mr green screen expert is lying or wrong.  probably lying
not a green screen
"
..clear difference between this and a green screen artifact is that the nose vanishes on a clear vertical boundary - a boundary which is also matched at his hairline. Green screen would be an irregular boundary that would conform to the outline of his face, and scintillate (shimmer/sparkle). You can see this vertical boundary if you zoom in and enhance the contrast."  search those words.  there is an image too
Alex, why are you basically apologizing? You either believe the media's version or you do not. This event stinks to high heaven and we need people with conviction to bring the truth to light instead of walking a fence.
I only know, what I know. As a healthcare professional, mass casualty protocols were not followed in any way.  Unless there was decapitation, a physician needs to declare death. ALL of the bodies, should have been airlifted or taken by ambulance with CPR done the whole way there, wether there was a pulse or not. These were children, their bodies are TOUGH and can withstand hypovolemia better than any adult by far. You're telling me that EVERY SINGLE person was shot DEAD instantly? Not one kid was just seriously wounded? The coroner, totally unprofessional on national television, honestly seemed like he had no clue what he was talking about. 

Pictures of crime scene: zero
Pictures of deceased gunman: zero

The photos of those Columbine nuts with their brains blown out are all over the internet. 

At ever single turn, there is deception in this extremely weird event. Its so simple, like flight 77 (aka a streak) disintegrating into the Pentagon, just show us a photo of something, try and fake something, ANYTHING!!! No, nothing. 

Any parents here, who after their precious six year old is shot to death at school....would you guys speak on national television, and start fund raisers immediately, start doing speaking engagements in a few weeks? Hell no!!! I'd be devastated! Not one parent who just loses it, screaming at the media? Really? Shit, Gene Rosen was more upset than most of the parents.
lol at that iodine advert.
This I by far the worst fucking thing I've ever watched
Alex, quit pussy footing. It's not becoming of you. Sandy Hook was fake as HELL!
People that think this is a hoax are mentally retarded
Lol...did you just cite your own website as evidence? 5:06
Whoa. That fake breathing acting footage is crazy
Hey, Alex, it is a pity that a piece of shit fool like you reproduced.  I hope someone exercises their second amendment "right" and does the country a big big favor.
You need to finish high school you frothing at the mouth fool.  And those who take you seriously need to be sterilized.
$100,000 REWARD for real proof of death at the Sandy Hook school "shooting" HOAX !!!
i don't think sandy hook was staged to get peoples guns , i think it was staged as a horrific event that would be such a sensitive issue to talk about that anyone who questioned the official story would get crucified in the press and take away their credibility in the eyes of the public.

Pizza gate is another example of this - the mainstream news used it to demonize people like Alex and people looking for the truth.

The Elite are playing chess on a global scale , and they are always thinking two or three steps ahead.
i don't think sandy hook was staged to get peoples guns , i think it was staged as a horrific event that would be such a sensitive issue to talk about that anyone who questioned the official story would get crucified in the press and take away their credibility in the eyes of the public.

Pizza gate is another example of this - the mainstream news used it to demonize people like Alex and people looking for the truth.

The Elite are playing chess on a global scale , and they are always thinking two or three steps ahead.
I don't particularly like this guy but I agree with most of what he says. The evidence is right there in our face. If your not awake now. You never will be!!
this is so funny lol! I love how this guy actually believes the shootings were fake. This gave me a great laugh hahaha
People are so evil!  Staging humungous crimes just to roll their agenda.  Pure evil at its most abhorrent form.  Donald Trump was right, America is not innocent.  We really need to do some self reflecting as a nation and pursue righteousness at every level and hold our leaders and each other to that standard.  No exceptions.  The ends do not justify the means.
Sandy Hook is not going away.   Full exposure  will prove fake news, scripted, acted (badly) White House collusion,  actors names and profiles.  Same actors appear at Orlando and other staged events.    School had been closed for months.   And not a drop of blood.  Lots of mortgages were paid off that week and a lot of secrecy agreements signed.     Check with local  coroner's office official records and see how many bodies were processed that week.
Disgusting...Anyone who actually believes SH was staged is just an idiot.
Sandy Hook is a hoax.
it's definitely fishy- if kids really were shot and killed that is horrible and if it's a lie it's horrible. nothing surprises me tho in today's world! either way I am sure obamas bs is all over it
Not only do you lie about the shooting, you lie about lying about the shooting. What a disgusting, heartless person you are. I don't know how you and your idiot minions look in the mirror.
someone help me... I just realized Sandy hook parents of dead child is in my kids school and their child is in my kids class... I feel worried, what should I do????!!!!!
I love Alex. But I thought he was a fool on this case. After watching this I'm pretty sure S.H is a hoax
All Kenite schemers are Louis Litt.
The dark side of Youtube :D
I haven't seen such bad acting since Alec Baldwin,  wonder if we will ever see him on SNL. (in reference to the actor dad)
Robbie Parker is a fake!  They are ALL fakes!  Sandy hook was nothing more than a bad, bad movie. Seriously, Alex, why didn't you, or one of your journalists fly the heck out there and investigate it right then and there??
As an honest question.....and my mind is totally up to hearing different opinions. Why would government/whoever want to hoax something like this?
Bunch of idiots honestly, have some compassion
I have a problem with 5:37, Alex, archive.org has their own bot. The bot isn't the best in the world. My website was ill-covered by them in a span of a few years, but i speak frankly that it was literally online those years.

I can also speculate that through 2008 - 2012 someone probably fucked with the robots.txt on their site. There also could be the site admin who may have disabled all robots from entering the website too. These two seem very plausible. :P
Even if there was footage, I doubt anyone wants to see 6-year olds fucking murdered on t.v, you fucking piece of shit. Your pro-gun dogma is absolutely disgusting.
Most of you people supporting this comment section and think this shooting is fake, are fucking retards and completely insane assholes.
What a fucking asshole. News? No. Alternative reality.
There is no evidence that anyone died at Sandy Hook school.  And hundreds of pieces of evidence that point to a hoax.
I know everyone is making a big joke about the Kellyanne Conway's Bowling Green massacre statements but has anyone looked into whether or not she may have mistakenly leaked another Sandy Hook massacre type scenario at Bowling Green, Kentucky or Ohio that may have been in the works before she blew the lid off the thing? Just curious.
well spoken alex.
you know you are crazy right?
Forget about Sandy Hook and Boston bombing. Focus on the next false flag.
HEY ALEX. Last nite I had a dream I gutted you like a fish with a hunting knife. 
Heads up...I think karma is coming for you. P.S. Not a threat, free speech is for everyone, even the mentally ill.
Um?
Alex is right.  You can check for your self that there was no web site from 2008-2012 for the school.   http://web.archive.org/web/*/http://newtown.k12.ct.us/~sh
People who believe this was fake are sick. If you've ever been in a chaotic situation there is always confusion. Shame on you all.
Looks like the old glass pipe ran Alex aground !
I hope your kids get sandyhooked-ASSHOLE. Alex.
COMPLETE HOAX TO FURTHER THE GUN CONTROL AGENDA. 
No REAL parent laughs and smiles when speaking about their child who was murdered the very day before. Also, one or both of the "parents" of the "murdered" children ALL concidentally have Low Level Professional Acting Backgrounds. No footage of the alleged shooter entering the building despite the fact the perimeter has operational security cameras. And the holes get bigger. Absolutely Infurating.
This guy is a fucking scumbag
When Obama was president he was doing false flag operations, when Trump is president the media is hiding terrorists attacks. LOL you have to be a special kind of dummy to believe this nonsense.
They know we know it's a false flag. That's why no one ever talks about it anymore.
SANDY HOOK HOAX WAS EXACTLY THAT !!!!     A HOAX= FALSE FLAG      LIES, LIES and MORE LIES... ITS TIME SOMEONE GETS CHARGED FOR THESE FAKE EVENTS. FOR INDUCING FEAR ON THE PUBLIC !!!!!
Sandy Hook was a false flag staged event Alex...
The 9/11 false flag event should be exposed by President Trump before Sandy Hook.
Do you all think Trump will Invesigate into this ?
If I see Robbie Parker in public. I'm going to choke him to death.
Robbie Parker is all you need to see to question everything.
This is a hoax, and I'll throw in my $.02 on why it was done and why it was effective despite being done so poorly...

'The Sandy Hook Massacre' was an exercise that was turned into propaganda. No one died, no children, no adults, and this is important because if the general public doesn't buy it for whatever reason then 'no harm/ no foul'. Those people/officials lobbying for gun control can stage the biggest hoax on the American people with complete cooperation because no one was killed/sacrificed in the hoax, no one has a guilty conscience. This is entirely a US gov't operation, no other organization could cover up the aftermath so completely as to shutdown any and all attempts to shed light on blatant mistakes that continually show up on the news and internet (Robbie Parker, Gene Rosen, David Wheeler, websites that ask for donations days before the event, etc). The 'actors' have made a large amount of money from the people of the US and the gov't... again, no guilty conscience since no one died and its justified by an ideal (gun control), the ends justify the means. This hoax was so poorly done that no one should believe it, at all, yet many people do. Why? Mostly the gov't and media espousing the hoax, and then our own humanity seals the deal, our empathy. But with all the videos and information on the internet no person, even the least skeptical person on the planet, should still believe the 'official' story of Sandy Hook. The real story is about gun control, the secondary story is about dishonest, greedy people who will lie to the public for a perceived 'good' while asking for your money, not demanding it at the point of a gun, but by your humanity, using emotional blackmail. 

non est deus
Dear Alex,

Other than being living proof that a splatter of diarrhea can grow up in to an approximation of an adult human (surely one of your adherents could do a docu. about this scientific miracle??) you also are of value in that thanks to your "work" people will remain properly skeptical of  the claims of rebel media outlets such as yours.

I also suspect half your commenters are sock puppets.

And I don't particularly care. You demented fuckwit
I dont get how people conclude that just cuz the media broadcasts conflicting or incorrect info,,  that that is somehow an indication of wrongdoing when one does not necessarily have anything to do with the other. They broadcast (often in real time, so of course some incorrect material will get in.  From where I sit, It's never seemed any other way.  If new data comes along. of course, It gets added to the fact-based narrative, if indeed that's the case. 
Certainly, just making up conclusions and imagining they somehow "explain" away those anomalies,,, --like  the CT. coroner's hemming & hawing, (a classic signs of deception). Or of Robbie Parker smiling when he should be devastated,, on and on, and on and on.  Those things, as far as Ive seen anyway, do  not get anywhere near the threshold of evidence required to make such extraordinary claims.
Anyone who listens to this guy is proof of the need for contraception to be funded by the government
idiot.  you say you respect law enforcement.  give a call to the police force there and ask them if it's a hoax.  alternative facts...
this man is crazier than a s-house rat .
In other words, according to the United States Social Security 
Administration’s Death Master File, nobody died at Sandy Hook Elementary
 School on December 14, 2012.
http://www.dcclothesline.com/2014/09/26/one-died-sandy-hook-testimony-social-security-death-master-file/

"ALL of the identities of the “children victims” of the supposed 
Sandy Hook massacre, are purely fictitious identities, with no record of
either birth or death." 

Adam Lanza was listed as dying on 12-13-2012.  [what about Nancy Lanza?]

CT put a law into effect that blocks release of death certificates in criminal events.
Documentaries to watch and share (there is so much more available also).
(1) We Need to Talk About Sandy Hook (2015)
(2) Sandy Hook Line and Sinker (2017)
(3) The life of Adam
You are the MEDIA.   Why are your lies better?
Anyone pushing the idea that sandy hook was some hoax is pure evil.
fucking CIA shill...piece of shit. the turd has to know that the maturity of the protocols will not render his anti-human ass immuned to what's coming...results of their mutli-generational plan
You can sell a Liberal the Brooklyn Bridge.
LIBERALISM = MENTAL DISEASE
It's it true that the parents never saw their deceased kids like in the morgue? If not, this is the biggest red flag to me.
i feel as if you lose credibility when you reference your own website...
Think about it though...what has the government been trying to do all this time? getting rid of the second amendment! what if Sandy Hook was their way of staging a scene in a small town and then make it big enough to rally people around no guns? they just used the kids as bait and the adults as actors to try to push the "guns are evil and need to be gotten rid of" redirect!
Interview the supposed fake victims.
i cant believe this guy still gets any views.
Sandy Hook was a hoax organstrated by the Obama administration for gun control and to demonize white males.
david wheeler was the shooter
Is it time to declare war on the government and just kill scum? Because ever since GHW Bush said "NEW WORLD ORDER" Have yu notice the attacks, false flags and bombings? How many attacks did we have prior t that? I think it was zero. Now, you got to figure bad times are coming like gun confiscation and you ant to know about it just ask the Russians.
why wont notifications work wtf
but yeah sandy hook was a hoax
im more legitimate in the liberty movement than you are these days. fucking sellout fraud
Here's my stance on it. I think something happened there but  they are definetly hiding something
You stupid fucks,  this is what happens when the media reports what has happened before the investigation has even started...
You people are all sick and need mental help immediately.
Too bad you guys are the minority in any debate. You people are the ones that make  America not great
The actors they hired to play the parents are so bad, I've seen better acting in porn!
Echo chamber
The Story of Pearl Harbor is just as phony.
you're a hero Alex
Alex looks like hes been hit hard, what wrong with him?
i love bananas lol
i think that the reason we get such mixed information is because the media gets on the scene and coaches these people into saying things that support their agendas. it would explain why there are such conflictions and almost no coverage of the facts that come out after the fact.
Alex FFS .... if you don't know what really happened at Shady Hoax after Wolfgang Halbig and Jim Fetzer have forced us to examine the entire charade and all the lies....you are have lost the plot.
And after your exemplary support for Donald Trump, I can tell you.... I used to think you were the only media man who had finger on the truth....
I am deeply disappointed.
Wolfgang and Jim deserve (y)our total support against all the idiopathetic conspiracy deniers.
there's not even a question that sandy hook was fake. if you can call 9/11 a false flag, you should have zero issues with deciphering sandy hook or the moon landing. you're full of shit to even pretend that there's an argument with either one of those. but, then again, you haven't exactly been the poster child for consistency or credibility over the past decade. after all, you did go from exposing the fake left/right paradigm to pandering to a right wing base, and helping to reabsorb the conspiracy/truth movement back into the globalist controlled two party system.
Reality is not what you think ? https://plus.google.com/u/0/+vividconnections/posts/apRT1H3DQvu its what you know !
I always hear that it's a fake hoax to take away guns.... WHY HAVEN'T THEY TAKEN ANY GUNS???
Deflecting retard, you fucking idiots believe this but cant fathom the fact that Trump drinks Russian piss.  Your credibility is gone.  All of you.
This presentation is a flop. Alex you simply play the game. Let's move on to Orlando. Clearly the official story was politically motivated from both sides. You let it ride because it fit your Islamic Terrorist Agenda. A Win/ Win situation. The Fags get sympathy and the fear mongering right gets manipulated. You know damn well Sandy Hook was a fraud. We put our foot down there and move on to 9/11. That's simply not part of your agenda. Every true revolution has it's historic stand. The one written about in the history books. Those trains leave the station  while we move on to the next event. Sorry--you hit my no fly zone !
Notice they say nothing about Sandy Hook now! The whole thing was a media hoax!! and as far as I know the FBI stats have not changed for 2012 saying no one died in Newtown for 2012! Then the pictures from the Lanza house look STAGED!!!
Jesus, this is so heavy
When Dateline NBC got screwed for staging a truck explosion, did you really think they weren't going to do it again, or did you think they just got better at covering their tracks?? There's no telling how much bullshit's been dumped on us.
I don't know if Sandy Hook was a hoak. However, some of this stuff is really just bizarre. I had no idea.
False Flag Op, to take our away our weapons.
Chronologically, empirically logistically impossible that the official narrative is true. Pre Knowledge, FOIA attended by your own employee Rob Dew's uncle, former FBI agent John Dew, (who was astounded by inability head of Newtown Board of Ed official Keith Alexander , and others, to answer the simplest of questions. This was a DHS Capstone Drill, passed off as a live shooter, mass casualty event. Much confirmed pre-knowledge - even a tribute video issued in November of 2012 - one month before the event. Right now, the Sandy Hook Promise (who has come out in support of gay marriage) has shifted its focus to "mental  health" and have written to Congress regarding this major Big Pharma $ grab. This CRIME MUST BE EXPOSED IN 2017. Your taxes pay representatives in Congress who continue to sleep. Please tweet them daily. prayers for the truth to be revealed. Stay strong.
The term "Sandy Hook", needs to revised to be "Sandy Hoax."      :.
listen, Alex, kids died there. they made it look like a hoax. you know how evil and fucked up these people are. either for media ratings, gun control agenda OR the kid was really mentally ill and they made it look so much like a hoax and/or twisted it so much to hide something. my aunt's (not blood aunt) daughter has a child (autistic) that went to Sandyhook and knew the mothers. my aunt  was hysterical talking about it bc they lost so many kids. idk whats going on but I know it to be 100% real. the lies and misleading videos that made it look like a hoax comes from the media, remember that.
Active shooter drill
That camo guy found in the woods was never mentioned again!
alex u have set this country free with releasing all the info being held back. the aliens r coming and demons r here knocking at your door. thanks for putting the fear back into the minds of the most unstable non americans in America. they r coming for u. stand up and lets protect this pig. he desearves only the best.
You are really sick to believe this is a Hoax. If you truly have a strong case to prove this was a hoax then why not sue the media or the government. The fact of the matter is you alt reichs deny anything that damages your credibility. Especially on American gun laws which is very clear by now to be ineffective in every proportion. Your basically sticking your head in the sand in the face of an argument. You honestly believe the government is out to get you. Like they want to rule like kings give me a break. If obama wanted to he could simply declare martial law tomorrow. And dont be so naive that you could take him down. The majority of you guys aren't in the military so you wouldn't stand a chance against the US Military. It would be an ISIS situation for you. However this wouldnt happen because it would cause the Global Economy to collapse so Obama wouldn't be inclined to do so unless he had to due to foreign pressure. And if that was the case you could peacefully protest by not working or paying your taxes, which, means the government gets nothing in its budget to operate on.  Also man the hell up in regards to self defense. In Australia we dont need guns to defend ourselves from a robber. We simply fight back with our hands.  And because guns are banned criminals dont generally have them. And before you start fumbling for your gun statistics to prove how Australia isnt better of without gun control make sure you check the source of you information. In my opinion the information is bogus unless it comes from the Australian Bureau of Crime Statistics
this was a disgusting fake news...it was all to take our guns...just to have a reason....fake believe it or not....no freaking comments thanks
Sandy hook is fake, just fucking say it for Chris sake.
All fake...obamas plan to disarm Americans
Another false flag at the airport in Florida!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
someone put up a funding site the day before it even happened,  then tried to say Microsoft put the wrong date,  but Microsoft said that was impossible..
What evidence was there that proved people died there? We can't even get access to death certificates or the company that did the clean up afterwards.
False flag nuttjobs. Everything is a false flag for u morons. I had a relative who went to this school and a cousin who taught at farmingville elementary school near by. The ones who tnink this didnt happen are insane. The only false flag is you thinking u have a brain
Alex I'm one of your followers I believe in the information War you have waged but even I want to know why you took down an article from infowars.com that clearly show the picture of Sandy Hook getting ready for their hopes literally news and these crisis actors getting ready before it went down we know this is legitimate evidence you have because the windows are not broken out of the school yet in this photo. Why did you take it down Alex? This is what I want to know I don't think you've had your final statement yet Alex. And as you will hold the mainstream media and our government accountable we will hold you accountable for coming clean as well we are your listeners and we deserve 100% the truth
OMG this is insane! These so called hoaxers who believe this is a hoax is just sick.
Hurricane Sandy "hooks" back to the east coast as news casters broadcast over and over again by saying prepare because Sandy is hooking back. ... 1 month later the shooting at Sandy Hook. Strange indeed. Evil use to put much more time in between such things. Maybe earth exploded and we just don't know it yet while we continue on in a state of purgatory thinking nothing changed as far as the earth still being underneath our feet.
Why would they use so many actors?  Too many people to keep silent.  Not saying it happened, I will believe transformers as a documentary before this.  But can't see why they wouldn't use a real shooter.
Thank you for bringing this up again. It was a clear false flag
To know what Trump knows and the NWO Globalist media is covering up, search YouTube for the viral 4+minute "Trump 9/11 Interview" video, the 8+minute "9/11 Shock" video, the 1+hour "9/11 Bombshell" video, connect the "Oded Yinon" video dots and share the big picture with everyone, especially your pastor and parish members.
Too little, too late.  You're a real "truther," Bill.
Where is Keith Johnson (shill) now? He seems to have disappeared. Evidently threatening people's lives has serious consequences. CW Wade (Charles Warren Frye of Stockton CA) has vehicular homicide on his record as does Tiffany M (Tiffany Moser).  It's public record folks.
You are a real piece of shit
Peter lanza never been seen or interview! ryan lanza never seen or heard again...weird and crooked
I have PROOF that people died at Sandy Hook. YOURS TRULY was shot and killed there. It hurt, too. Guns are bad! We must give them all to our trustworthy govt. leaders.
wolfgang halbig AND kay wilson for prison 2017!
no one died there alex is cointel tries to control the opposition
Anyone that believes that Sandy Hook actually happened is a blithering idiot. I will GLADLY debate anyone from the lamestream media any time, anywhere and under any conditions. You could drive a brigade of tanks through the official story. It sickens me to think that people are this friggin stupid......
I know several people who have done very compelling investigations into this case, would be awesome to see your team open up a brand new investigation into this tragedy of a hoax
even i see is H0AX check FBI crimes REGISTER they say 0 victim NEWT0WN  =/
FBI says no one was killed at Sandy Hook
Govt and MSM are evil liars i definitely know this OBAMA IS DISGUSTING DISGUSTING DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!
Great episode, Alex.  Keep up the pressure on these traitors.
We should just cleanse the earth of Newtown. NO community should get away with such a scandal and get paid for it.
corporate news media, like you? arent you a fan to trump? isnt he a fan to you? sellout!
Why have you not be sectioned in a  Psychiatric  rubber rooom. You are probably insane or just a wanker. Typical dickhead Seppo.
You are a father , therefore you are a motherfucker.
THIS IS " EXACTLY " WHY HILLARY LOST , AMERICANS ARE SICK AND TIRED OF ALL THESE FAKE SHOOTINGS , WITH TRUMP IT FINALLY ENDS PEOPLE ,,,,,, IT FINALLY ENDS !!!!!
If you don't know then you should try shutting the F up until you do know something,  THIS is fake news.
I'm all for WOLFGANG !!!
What a sick cunt, making bullshit out of dead children and their families. This prick should fucking die!
A fake new person, warning us against fake news. OH IRONY.
Totally agree.  Something very strange about Sandy Hook.
I think  the 1%  need  to get  rid of the 10% because the 89% ain't 
having it!! 
In other words Rothchilds  need Trump  to get rid of the lousy 
middle management take all them
to Iraq  for  work  ethic classes
alex you are true  professional 
that's  all I needed  to hear we need a truth teller
Alex, I'm not sure whether Barrack Obama is a robot or not. I once heard a rumor about it ( I'm not sure where it started, sorry, no hard evidence .. ... just a few conspiracy theories based on a piece of footage from  a press conference where his mouth  momentarily seemed out of sync with his voice) Could you make an official statement on this particular theory, many thanks :)
Controlled opposition gives you 90% fact and 10% fiction.  Alex's commentary is 90% fact and 10% fiction.  Can you guess the 10% part?  Go to 1:42 - 1:46 for the answer.
America at it's finest - You people are really fucked
ANYBODY WHO TAKES THIS FREEMASONIC GATEKEEPING MAINSTREAM MEDIA REGURGITATING CLOWN ANY SORT OF SERIOUS ARE JUST AS ASLEEP AS THE REST OF THE MASSES.
"quite frankly I wish the official story is true" this is the most twisted video I have ever seen
so when this happens under trump it'll be real? i don't get you crazy idiots
FAKE NEWS
Yes,  you DO know that the moon  landing was a lie;  c'mon,  give us the truth!  Quit covering your  ass,  you coward!
This is sicking and not for the reason your sheep will think.
Perhaps the man in the in the woods was a hunter.
Way Back Machine does not monitor website traffic, it monitors website changes. And they don't even monitor it daily or at a random time period. They check it randomly.

You are a lying moron.
The Sandy Hook tragedy obviously did not happen it is a formula that seems to be happening all across the country. There is a deliberate attempt to play this false narrative to some nefarious end. An end we can only guess. But those who have orchestrated this event obviously have much time and money to devote to the project . Hiring an immense group of 'actors' and 'victims', paying off peoples houses for those who had moved there for the event. refurbishing the school enough to make it look like it was inhabited and the immense cleanup operation to remove all evidence. The Coroner said it best. If people get wind of what they were really doing in Sandy Hook it would come down on all their heads. Not an exact quote but it is telling bit from the strangest medical examiner that ever lived..https://thegovernmentrag.wordpress.com/2013/01/26/the-motive-at-newtown/
If you don't know then STFU
You fucking retard. No, retard doesn't even come close to what a fucking waste of space you are. I truly hope your own children are killed and we can all pretend it didn't happen.
Someone should tell Alex what the Waybackmachine is and what it does. Alex is saying here that all the Newtown schools, 7, were closed for four years. Little wonder why everyone thinks this guy is completely nuts.
Remove Wolfgang from your footage.  You turned your back on him.  He's worked his ass off exposing this and you sit there and play stupid.  And you backed down to the MSM.  You raised more hell at Bilderburg than what's more important as this.  Jesse Ventura is the same way.  It makes you ask what really happened there...and you use the MSM responses to govern your decision to shy away from it....LOL  You have chosen to insult my intelligence.
people actually like this shit?
damn if you do, why dont you pile it?
To all non believers! When you'll get a bullet through your head,from a negro thug,don't worry,it's just a hoax.
wow, you are a piece of shit
everything Halbig has said has been destroyed and you keep recycling him
you don't know even how the wayback machine works
you just repeat what Fetzer says
it has been debunked
Gee....if there was only a way to get the truth... like asking the cops and firemen who were actually there.  Oh that's right.. we did that.  They all say it happened.. Maybe we could ask the teachers... oh right... they also said it happened.  Or the parents.   Oh... they say it happened too.  If only there was a way to not ask the media but instead ask the actual people... oh.. that happened.  If only you could look through census data....oh they did.. people were proved to exist and died... this is just madness.
It's not color keying, It's interference due to live broadcasting. Anyone who works in video coverage would tell you this. If it was a keying issue more than just the nose would've disappeared (typically it'd be the highlights reflecting a color glare. So the nose, cheek bones and top of forehead would disappear too). So it was a satellite relaying frames issue.

It clearly looks like the kids were being escorted around the building to a designated safe location, not in circles. Same as a fire drill would have. Probably away from the woods and out front to wait for emergency response.

And the rest is just misinformation spread around by eager journalist trying to keep up with a devastating and slow to update case. 

I just so happened to stumble across this video and i'm floored by the lunacy. Yes it's good to question,  especially information from media. But to sprout assumptions on a news-like front without any actual research into what your exclaiming and then proceed to defend it as "It's just what I think" Is laziness and a wrongdoing to your watchers. I hope not all your content is like this because none of this is based off logical reasoning or proper research.

Also if this was all a deceptive set up to rid your firearms, It was a very very poor one. No gun restriction bills were passed as a result of this horrific shooting.
Why did you forget to mention the fake news about the extra email.
So, you're mad at mainstream media for saying that you call Sandy Hook a hoax, then you proceed to show all of the reason why you think Sandy Hook is a hoax. I can't believe people listen to you.
SH is like a watershed for the public. You either can tell it was a hoax, or you can't. If you can't, you either don't care, you're you're really really dumb. It represents what the elite think of us. The next hoax will be a real doozy, and they learned a lot from this one.
u don't know anything comrade
so when r u going to start lying about Oakland 🔥 asshole comrade
You are a despicable piece of sub human slime who needs therapy, if not incarceration; and anyone who believes a word you say is a completely brainless wretch that is beyond help.
Because of your videos AJ,  I just donated to HONR. Anything to expose you people for who you are. The Un-Compassionate Religious Right.  I look forward to a day when there will be no religion, not by force...but by personal choice.
you are a dick a flunkie a pos!! you don't have a heart!
No Alex, you are a poisonous leach on society infecting ppl with your constant disinformation campaign trying to help the NRA.  You are as transparent as any shitty lying GOP politician
Ooh.  Somebody struck a nerve with Alex and his fake news.  Lol
I have personal connections to people who died at Sandy Hook that day, and my community was heavily impacted by the shooting.  All you asswipes who use this tragedy as a way to spread anti-liberal propaganda are disgraceful.
Building seven sheeple.
Too bad we can't puke on this toxic page.
Deranged Freaks
"High powered pistol" that's the dumbest shit I've ever heard, especially when they showed the glock...
your wife is jewish, you are the father of those demons
Liar and yes you protest too much
What an idiot you should write mystery books
I suppose that 21 year old kid didn't shoot/murder 9 people in that 
historically black SC church last year either. I mean, where's the 
footage & crime scene photos? We can absolutely conclude it was a 
false flag operation to escalate racial discord in the US. Ugh...
wmaybe look at real shit instead of your debunking sites that have discovered what exactly?.. you're probably a gov shill..
This proves that u can have access to widespread accurate information and still be stupid this goes beyond partisan politics and is just straight up evil for the sake of attention !
Do you realise that outside of YT channels like this one and other sandy hook conspiracy channels that the rest of the planet is laughing at you lot who still believe it's fake. The rest of us have moved on and you lot of sad little swallow minded followers are still falling for this crap.
Hold on. You say taken out of context. This is something you do every single day to push your agendas.
You are fake news. The end.
I havent seen Trumps birth certificate so I mean, do we know he was really born here? I personally have never seen it
YOU, Sir, are a pimple on the ass of America.
I don;t know if the sky is blue , but there are tell tale signs.
This case is more shady than the Kennedy assassination ever was. For sake of trust in government and eradication of citizen cynicism, why not investigate this thoroughly and debunk all challengers? This is how science works. The only ones researching this case appears to be the so-called "truthers". Everyone else is cloaked in reactionary mist.
Alex has made his case he does not want to be a part of this any longer and will concentrate on attacking 'liberals' on twitter all day. What an ass. Sandy Hook was 100% fake the people involved have been in multiple fakes. No blood, no children, no photos, no school, no house, no perp.. no evidence. All actors have left the area.
i cant get behind this. 

they withheld videos and death certificates bcause theyre kids..minors..

they burnt the school down because they could never keep that running.... its a small town remember...

& they burnt the shooters house down so it wouldnt be sold for more because of the tragedy...

trust me, i live there
What evil you spew out will return to 100 fold.
This shit start because some ass said Obama wanted to take away our guns .. He's leaving office and we still have them.. Fucking stupid people ..
Adam Lanza was long studied and profiled and determined to be the ideal mentally disturbed patsy. 'Spook Agents' go to Lanza home. Kill Mother, knock-out-drug Adam Lanza. Put Lanza in vehicle.. transport to Sandy Hook School parking lot. 'Spooks' enter school.. kill kids/teachers... only then bring still-unconscious Lanza into kill site... kill Lanza... leaving him there. Spooks hasten away. Police arrive ... find Lanza dead w/weapons the Spooks left behind. The Media takes story and runs it .... the rest is history.
waffling and lying.
I personally believe sandy hook was a hoax event. But I wonder if there is anyone out there that knows the real truth of what happens that day . There had to be a lot of people involved either way, so I just wish an insider that knows the truth would come forward. It truly is a scary time we're living in when you have these questions in your mind. But if you are an insider reading this. Have the courage to come forward . Money isn't as important as being true to your self and humanity
This channel is a legit fake news channel,  with some truth embellish to out right crazyness, this channel is know as fantasy, just to entertain and nothing more....
Sounds like he had pending lawsuit hanging over his head and this video 'clears his name'
I knew it was fishy as hell watching Robbie Parker immediately after the so called tragedy stand being interviewed calmly asking for donations and reciting an expertly memorised web site address for all donations. ffs!!!
This Infomercial channel is great if you want to purchase a over priced water filter or poison yourself with some colloidal silver but not for news.
"I'm not sure what happened."

?????   How can that be?  It's completely obvious, it was staged and no one died.
These actors are spitting in the face of real people, who really lost children.
Dear Lord, Just as You said in Your Word, "For all that is secret will eventually be brought into the open, and everything that is concealed will be brought to light and made known to all."   And "do not participate in their evil deeds, but rather to expose them."  We ask You to guide us to the truth about all the evil deeds, and to expose them to everyone, and for justice to be done.  Protect us in this battle, and bring down the kingdom of darkness, In Jesus' Name, Amen
Alex, none of us ever needed you to legitimize the fact that this was one big HOAX and a lot of your coverage helped solidify that fact. But again, your take on it wasn't necessary.

  However, this video has not only helped the naysayers who accuse you of lying about the event but has more people calling you a liar and InfoWars a total fraud. Why the semi-retraction? That is what it is when you backtrack and soften your conviction from "it definitely was a false flag" to a "I don't know what happened there". You have hurt your own credibility and, by extension, the credibility of all the rest of us in the Public's eyes. But it changes NOTHING about this as it was a HOAX from start to finish and there is nothing nor anybody that is going to reverse that FACT and certainly not this SCUMBAG who hides behind the false name of C.W. Wade who is really a genuine brain dead idiot or a Government/Regime troll and if he is he's surely then a brain dead soulless POS.
I KNOW Sandy Hook was staged. Mathematically it is impossible that any kids died there.
Alex, you have grown so hysterical over the years. Maybe the reason so much of Sandy Hook was sealed is for the terrible loss involved... Think about how some people made a living over Columbine - wrote books about it, harassed families dealing with a heavy loss, the media salivated over every "revelation", it became chaos for Columbine for years. All those little kids dead at Sandy Hook - I sure would want some privacy from The World if my child was murdered. People like you, tho, DON'T give the space and time needed for some semblance of healing to take place. You want to rip the bandaid off that wound IMMEDIATELY and get the "real story". You're heartless. Go make stupid videos about Lizard People and the Flat Earth like the other insane people. "Google makes hidden pictures of people being eaten because of ...reasons! Illuminati! Bush personally was best friends forever with bin laden! The cia is beaming cancer into my fillings! Arrgh!"... Madness... smh
you cant quote your own website as facts.. lol
why they would fake this ??? to make money ? or for what?
All of you new to this subject of Sandy Hook being faked, go watch, We need to talk about sandy hook right here on youtube!!! it's an in depth investigative documentary on why it is believed to be fake.
After watching this from begining to end and reading through some of the comments, I have come to the conclusion that you people are so sick.
Lying sack o' shit.
Just curious but Alex talks about "all this evidence" and I wonder where the evidence is.  Can someone please show me where he has accumulated "all this evidence"?  I  mean he says a lot of things but where is it all coming from?
What a fucking moron you are Alex.
Disgusting tbh you will burn in hell.
And what about your fake news and taking things out of context? Fucking hypocrite. Before talking shit, how about meeting the victims parents in person? You are a hack; not a journalist.
Everything Alex shows here has been thoroughly debunked.
Just Subbed bc Fake News told me infowars was Fake News
I used to follow A.J. but after a while I started to see that he is seriously unhinged. I can remember when he claimed that extraterrestrials were going to land at the London Olympics and how the government was covering it up. Obviously, that never happened. A.J. is a fraud! A scammer who tries to incite and frighten people with his outrageous claims, all the while trying to sell more of his products. Wake up people!!!! He is taking you all for a ride on his crazy train!
why didn't u go there when it happened Alex?
Well, thank God some people are trying to investigate this.  I hope justice prevails.
InfoWars is were the functionally retarded sheep go to graze. How anyone can believe this bullshit is light years beyond me.
You are full of HATE!
Final statement? Jumping ship before it hits the fan?
Thanks for keeping this story going! This is so insane they got away with this for as long as they have.  I hope Trump calls out CNN on this! Everyone else too!
The Wayback Machine is not a traffic monitor YOU FUCKING IDIOT. That's NOT what the graph shows you FUCKING IDIOT.
sandy hook was all about gun confiscation just like so many of the shootings recently..i say " sho me the bodies "
Utilities to the school buildings were shut off- no power going to the site- up until two months before the staged shooting. How do you run and elementary school with no electricity? Answer is: you don't! And they didn't. Sandy Hook Elementary had been shut down for over a year. The building was perfect to stage a shooting and the location was perfect because it was off the beaten path surrounded by forests. Nobody could see them go in and set up the scene ahead of time, and run practice drills to prepare for the big day. 
When it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, IT'S A DANG DUCK.
This man is dangerous.  He should be placed in prison for disseminating incredible lies.  He has nothing on which to base his lies.
"Criminal crime"
"I don't know what happened, so let me jerk your chain with another 20 minute bullshit conspiracy piece."
what a piece of shit this guy is
Proof again that you can't fake crazy
if you don't know what happen, why you don't go there and investigate, are you a responsible reporter? you are despicable, I am trying to listen to you. you are a sick person
did you just say, look at the headlines, and then refer back to your own headlines?
My God a bunch of kids got murder and this dude is talking shit... Disgusting...
You are a  sick, sorry excuse for a human being!  The only fake "news" is you!   You have no heart.  By the way you only need a small amount of iodine, large amounts are harmful, I guess I just figured out your problem.
Alex makes up lies for money.
Trolls are out on this one!
Guess you struck a nerve.
WOW punsch of trolls repeat each others's word, you guys are sick, get some help before it's too late!
I'VE GOT 30 YEARS WORKING WITH CHROMA-KEY SCREENS... AND THIS WAS "NOT" A BACKGROUND SCREEN ISSUE. THIS WAS A COMMON DIGITAL SATALITE TRANSMISSION ISSUE... OR EITHER THE TIP OF ANDERSON COOPERS NOSE WAS PAINTED BLUE OR GREEN FOR SOME REASON!
Every year, he gets fatter and fatter.. Why is that? I bet the NWO fattens him up for soylent green.
Holy shit he's a father?
i listed to every word you said ,and you are a fucking lunatic sir, all you conspiracy scumbags need to get a real job. and all you pussies can talk shit to an mma fighter like me but you wouldn't say shit to my face.
Mmmmm. An actor that played BOTH "sloppy sniper" and "grieving father" in Sandy Hook. There is now evidence that Sandy Hook parents were in the White House days before this scam. There names are on the White House guest log (FOIA). They all got new houses soon after. Let's rise and shine people
Alex, you're a fucking douchebag. A liar, and a disgrace to the human race. Eat shit and die, and do the world a favor.
This video raises so many questions, I will say that
My father is buried in Sandy Hook cemetery, there are children from that shooting that are buried with him in that cemetery. Children and people definitely died, if this was something set up from the government, we should be terrified, I know I would be
If you want to know what Alex really cares about look at the list in the description. They are links to his products so he can get filthy rich and become president someday.
Alex what do you say about the parents of these children who have been receiving death threats from your fans telling these parents that the whole Sandy Hook Massacre was a hoax to take away their guns?  And if you don't know what happened at Sandy Hook then you should STFU.
You know what the truth is...... people and children were murdered.....SIMPLE.
Alex bro you just need to chill..... so shut your fat ass up the only fake online media is you
Sandy Hook Hoax!  end of story, the school was closed years before! just a drill!
This person is absolutely insane and should be taken to mental hospital immediately. To even suggest that no one died inSandy Hook is absolutely callous.
your disgusting Alex kill yourself
Answer to the question did idodine raise the IQ of Americans? Look at yourselves you ignorant pricks! You're watching this prick and not posting a comment which shows you aren't intelligent enough to breathe while you're asleep without the alarm clock ticking at your bedside table ffs!
The fat bastard is a fucking lunatic.
So the police should have shat in children's toilets and possibly shat in a crime scene rather than use a portaloo?
You crazy lying piece of shit.
Firstly, before anyone wastes money on iodine, eating seaweed is better because it would have more bioavailable iodine without the side effects. Go to any Asian market or anywhere online and eat dried seaweed wraps and you'll be better off than whatever he's shilling. It's actually a pretty good diet snack. 
Secondly, I honestly gave this video a solid chance. It's the first infowar video I've watched in its entirety and for the first two or three minutes it seemed like a normal video with a normal person trying to explain his perspective. Then he got weirder and weirder and then just lazy. I can't keep up with all the crazy that got spewed out. Who cares what people were eating? Who's cares about port a potties? It's not like everyone just got to go home after this sort of crisis. People had to be accounted for and interviewed by police. That takes time. Who cares what some guys uncle said about nobody knowing anything? Does anyone here know what their school district is up to today? Half the parents with kids couldn't answer that much less what the "plan" is after a shooting. What could they really do beyond hand holding anyways? And if the kids really were walking in circles around the school why couldn't they just show that? All they showed was 2 seconds of kids leaving from one side and one person on the other side of the school. That does not make a circle. Seriously people, critical thinking, it's a necessity not a luxury so use it. Ask questions.
Alex, you're a disgusting POS, and so are your ignorant listeners! Someone could've been killed here in DC last week at the pizza joint because of lunatic motherfuckers like you who push conspiracy theories.  Being a professional purveyor of deceit is a sick fucking way to make a living, Alex!  You should truly be ashamed of yourself,  but scum like you and "Trumpster assholes", who give this shit life....have no shame, no remorse and no clue or desire to separate right from wrong, or truth from lies and deception! To advance this theory about Sandy Hook is reprehensible, vile and outrageous! 
People who engage in this perverted behavior are pure evil! And sooner or later, the law of retaliation will visit them right at their own front door.....hopefully SOONER!
This is absolute bullshit! You cowards keep clinging to your guns for what? The likelihood that you'll kill yourself or your own family with a fireman is much greater than you'll ever need to defend yourself or property.
why would they lie..why would the police lie is the first question i would ask...
none of you REALLY buy this ( that there is a conspiracy) right??? or is the paranoia itself enjoyable to indulge in?
An anti-gun conspiracy? WTF do you have any idea of the amount of people that would need to involved, there is no way that it could have been kept a secret for a couple of days. Get your friend Trump to investigate this matter if you really believe this is a hoax. Meanwhile try to have some compassion for the victims and there families and stop spouting such obvious bullshit
what a fucking tool
This guy is out of his mind.
Fake News!!!...I must say, you do have some gall, Most of us know that Corperate Media is full of shit but you sir are  the most insane , lying piece of shit I have ever seen and I´ve seen some doosies. Either your are getting paid to stir things up, simular to Rush Limpdick, or you are flat out bat shit crazy, as are people who believe your disgusting charade. If therer is a Devil or Aliens, like you keep saying, then they should quit messing around and remove your worthless flesh from this planet so the rest of us can live in peace. May the Lord have mercy on your soul for misleading so many mentaly chalenged Americans.
Allepo about to fall and John Kerry upset!
This guy is a full blown nut job. Any rubes that listen to this clown need to seek professional help.
So this is where the crazy paranoid people hang out, cool. Quick question, how many guns got taken away post Sandy Hook?
sickening words from mentally deranged people
Alex, 
You are a father and you spread this insane shit. I feel sorry for your poor kids. I hope they disown you.
Disgusting. This is what people mean when they mean fake news. You infowars fucks are ridiculous. KIDS DIED FFS.
You're harming good American people.  You deserve to be arrested, not the people who are going and threatening and shooting people in your name.
When "Fake News" says others are responsible for Fake News, where does the delusion start and stop?
Nothing can be resolved so long as Fake News is the one policing Fake news.
The bloated one is at it again...
Alex is the loudest fake man on the internet.  Watch out for the gay frogs!
A question I've always had as a RN was why did they not do everything possible to get the children life flighted to a hospital?   They declared all of them dead in 8 minutes and left the bodies in the school building.  And for the actual pronouncement of death,  does the law in Connecticut allow a police officer to make the pronouncement? For example,  if you were in a car wreck, could a police officer determine you did not have a chance at life and leave you in the car?  
Those poor children!!!!
go look at the graves. you can find it out easily. there is no conspiracy. willfull ignorance in favor of your political stance makes you a monster
The school system was closed? Anti-gunners? Black helios?
You are an idiot, what is the confusion?
Happened: Legal bought AR15, neocon boy, killed his mother, 10+ children killed as well. What else is relevant?
Alex makes money talking about the government and politics all day long.. hahaha
U are a disgusting human being fat boy Alex !!
Quantico training town.
I have a neighbor who believes this crazy conspiracy stuff. Yesterday she sent out a video about the world being flat. Are people going crazy? Maybe it's the chem-trails ! 😜
lol people who think sandy hook didn't happen have been brainwashed by the illuminati. That's EXACTLY what they want you to think! Sandy Hook happened guys, and it was all planned by the Rothchilds. So, why would the rothchilds want to kill all those kids? It's so simple. The rothchilds got a message from the future (yes, they do have a time machine, or at least they can communicate with the future), and it said that one of those children was the chosen one and would destroy the illuminati. So, we lost a potential hero that day... very sad.
loser
What I find amazing is that there is so little evidence that the school was closed for years. Where are the kids from the 2009 classes? Some of them would be adults now...
So in four years nothing has ever been definitively proven to show that Sandy Hook was a hoax.  Bigfoot hasn't been definitively proven either.  That story has been going on for decades.  How many more years do we have to buy into this crap about Sandy Hook?  I guess every anniversary, the conspiracy theories will reemerge.  It's a never ending, manipulative cycle.
so this is not fake news?
The NRA is a sick sack of shit for funding a site like this.
Show us the records of the school system being shut down then oh wait you won't because you lie through your teeth just as bad as corporate media no facts not a shred of evidence just like 90% of the bullshit conspiracies you come up with this is what happens when you smoke crystal meth you believe in shit like that.😂
This whole video is disgusting
LIsten one of the victims whose child died was one of your viewers.. and now you have a crazy sandy hook conspiracist fueled by you giving that man death threats. its bad enough for him that happend. now this. at least send a message for your viewers not to go after people on so called things you are not sure about.
omg omg omg omg u people....wtf  ...
What a piece of stinking shit this man is.
These people who deny the Sandy Hook massacre are so beneath any human measure of decency that they should be staked and burned to get them out of our national gene pool.  And may all of their descendants die in ways similar to the Sandy Hook victims.
I'm sure kids died in sandy hook, but not from a shooting, they were probably sacrificed to satan
Just the comments on here prove that there are many whack jobs who think the whole thing was a conspiracy
"I don't know what really happened" so I'm just gonna tell you its a hoax based on no real facts nice
Holy crap, is everyone here utterly retarded? How the hell can people believe this absolutely terrible conspiracy theories??? Seriously? This was a tragedy, guys, at least show some respect... It basically just shows how disgusting, disrespectful, and brain-dead the alt-right can be sometimes. I already had low expectations for them, but I still was still somehow suspected them to be better than this... sigh.
investigate sandy hook, it was an inside job, they used and kill those kids to banned our second amendment.
What a cuck
Fakery everywhere in the abandoned school.
FINAL STATEMENT? Are you joking? Get off the fence and tell the WHOLE TRUTH ALEX. You KNOW it's a DHS Government DRILL. Stop being a pussy and stop telling half truths. See FB SIDE THORN JOURNALIST for the truth on the Waco Twin Peaks HOAX and Lockhart Balloon HOAX. Don't wait to hear it from Alex because you won't.
They destroyed the evidence, just like they destroyed most of the evidence on 9/11 & Cheney arranging melting down the WTC steel girders burned through?
You are fucking crazy man.
When Obama "wiped" his eye, he used his middle finger very blatantly, I thought.
Im a huge fan of criminal minds, love learning real profiling aswell, it helps in life with making freinds sociallising etc, if u can believe it as its all about learning about people, and criminal minds makes it holywood and action etc entertainment,thank god not real evil people. the real fbi files makes u relise how bad this world is. BUT IT MAKES ME SICK AND I THINK IT MAKES EVERY EX AND SOME ,SOME CURRENBT G MEN , FBI SPECIAL AGENTS HOW THEY DEAL WITH THIS, WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO USA'S FBI, I AM IRISH BORN,ADOPTED BY ENGLISH FAMILY LIVE NEAR CAMBRIDGE UK, AND THE FBI HAVE BEEN UP THERE WITH THE BEST OF THEM FOR TRUE HUMAN HEROES, I CANT IMAGINE HOW EMBARRASED AND HURT AMERICAN CIVILIANS ARE GPING THROUGH WITH THIS AND THE CLINTON SHIT, WE NEED TO SORT THIS OUT BEFORE ITS TOO BROKEN TO FIX,
THE ANSWER TO ALL THE QUESTIONS IS --- ANTI GUN CAMPAINERS. THESE PEOPLE PROBABLY DID LOSE SOMEONE, LIKE IVES SAID BEFORE, BUT WILL A SHRINK PLEASE SAY, DO THESE PEOPLE LOOK AS IF THE LOST SOMEONE THAT DAY OR RECENTLY,NO,OBVIOUSLY NOT, BUT DO THEY LOOK LIKE THEVE LOST SOMEONE AND GONE THROUGH THE PROCESS AND ARE NOW ANTI GUN PROTESTERS,,,,YES! THEYVE BEEN GREIF STRICKEN BEFORE,PROBABLY UNDIRECTLY,COUSINS FREINDS ETC NOT KIDS, BUT THEYVE BEEN APROACHED AND ASKED TO GO ALONG WITH THIS, THE ME HAS BEEN ASKED AND SAID YES BUT HE LAUGHED AND MADE JOKES ALL WAY THORUGH SO HE COVERED HIS ASS LIKE HE SAID"HE HOPES IT DONT COME DOWN ON THEM AND THE FAMILIES" WHOSE THEM, .... MY POINTS PROOVEN IN VIDEOS ,LIKE ALEX SAIS THE GREATEST EVIL OF THIS IS HOW THE STATE CONTROLS THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA, RUSSIA CHINA VLAD BAD MAD, NO , USA USA THE DREAM HAS LONG NOW GONE AWAY. GOOD LUCK USA
One small boys likeness was used in another country....same exact photo.....how does one small boy die twice.Why....you ask    anyone can photo shop .One grandmother complained that one small boys picture was taken from her grandson who was that age.....several years before SH.....this whole thing stinks to high heaven.....TOO MANY RED FLAGS
Alex,

You should get back with Wolfgang, and bring the viewers / listeners up to date on his progress, or lack of because of continued roadblocks. Do a show and recap from top to bottom all of the key points, such as the symbolism in the Batman rises movie, the photo shopped family photos, the broken glass window that was too small to enter and all those claiming to go through it, the condemned? school,  lack of blood, no water running in the school?, houses being paid off for families?

This was a tragedy that made no sense. The narrative changed too many times. The principle or secretary says she saw Lanza on the monitor, and recognized him, so she let him in. If he had all that weaponry on, surely no one would be so stupid. Then you have that changed shortly after to Lanza shot out the window and made his way in and killed the principle.
The only thing odd about this sandy hook thing, and I put this on my life this story is true, is the man who ran away while this was happening through the woods wearing camo pants... I was watching the news while it was taking place and the helicopter was filming and I saw a man running through the woods and the police started chasing him.. He was wearing the same clothes the suspect was reported wearing.. He was arrested and no one said anything about it again and I swear on my life I witnessed this with my eyes in real time
Alex, you are so full of shit. You have said repeatedly that no one died at Sandy Hook. You have said the school was closed at the time of the shooting. You have said that everyone on the scene was a "crisis actor." Shut you're fucking pie hole, numb nuts. You're embarrassing yourself. Own your bullshit!
Hi Alex,

what struck me after spending hundreds of hours on this event but just recently becoming aware of other scary things going on:

what if Sandy Hook in reality was part of Pizza Gate; children were killed but they needed to explain it with a mass shooting.

what if many of the children in reality were orphans and they needed crisis actor parents (those people needed not to know that children really were dead)


Then it makes sense; all of the concerns that you have.  What triggered me was that you said: "I don´t know what happened" and "why are they so scared of an investigation" . Pedofile satanistic rituals could be the answer.
I feel sorry for anyone who believes this was a hoax.
Ok Sandy Hook was fucking fake. Why won't people just call it for what it is. Robby Parker laughing before his interview. Why would you need any other evidence. It's right in front of our faces!!
After reading thru the comments, Alex is not leading the charge he is trying to act like he didn't know! Shame on you Alex!
I Follow and support you Alex, but you knew long ago that Sandy Hook was a drill and you covered it up! I no longer see you as objective! As Trump would say , You should be ashamed of yourself!
so sad 1st graders got killed they haven't even reached puberty rip
Ok, I am starting to believe that sandy hook was a hoax. But here's the thing I still can't wrap my head around. Sandy Hook is an actual school right? I mean I looked it up and it has an official web page and everything. If so, wouldn't all of the kids and teachers that went to the school recognize that no one was missing? Or is Sandy Hook not even a school at all? Can someone please explain this to me?
Strange days indeed.
are you fukn rtarded
Thank you for all you do Alex....thank you for putting info out, even if its not popular, but being honest as you can be with the truth or thoughts as you see it to be....and to help others think outside the box and to looks at things other ways then the main stream media tries to feed it to people...you are an amazing guy
I'm now convinced it's Alex's goal to pull as many listeners away from mainstream media as possible. He mixes a lot of truth with far right rhetoric (conspiracies) in an attempt to capture as many mainstream conservative listeners as possible. I listened to him quite often during the election because it was quite obvious that the CNN's of the world were in the tank for Hillary. I am also convinced that the media are race baiters. I never knew his position on Sandy Hook before today. If something even smells funny he tends to run with it as far as he can. It's really a stretch to believe it did not happen. I still want to know exactly how he knows Clinton "stole" 5 states during the election. What is his actual evidence? It would be great if he could prove it. I'm sure it would seal Hillary's fate.
"me thinks you protest too much" lol, close alex...
"worse actor than glenn beck" lmaffo
It was false flag attack hoax.
Really, idiot? Sandy hook was a hoax by government to overturn the Second Amendment and take all of our guns away? Well Obama only has two months left in office, I guess he better hop to it, then! Fucking idiot.
They kinda destroyed all the evidence so you can't really have a thorough investigation. There is definitely something fishy happening though with how they handled it.
As someone who lives in the town that is right next to Newtown CT and since I live right where it happened I'd basically be killed if I questioned if it happened. But I have looked at both sides and heard stuff from both. But I can not choose what side to be . I agree with Alex, I'm not really sure what happened.
Personally, I'm not convinced anyone died. And I'm saying that base on circumstantial evidence alone.
Sandy Hook was kinda staged. Most events are staged
this man is a fat retard pothead
I remember also, Google time stamps of specific victims being uploaded on the interwebs (Names, pictures, etc.) as having been killed in the shooting hours, or possibly even the day before the shooting.
The Earth is FLat. Don´t let the elite fool you!
whether this was a FF or not; these kids still died. that's the point.
its exactly things like this and things like the franklin cover up/mcmartin school crap that make me not want my kids in public school. im seriously concerned.
Alex should mention the 1 trillion dollar lawsuit in the works about this.
Everyone in the country NEEDS to see this ENTIRE video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwudDfz1yAk
to get a glimpse into the deceitful, globalist, corrupt world of mainstream media.

With 90% of U.S. media owned by 6 global corporations, and 232 senior executives completely  controlling the narrative, THE CONSPIRACY is mainstream media.  Here is the breakdown: http://www.businessinsider.com/these-6-corporations-control-90-of-the-media-in-america-2012-6

That list does not include the New York Times, which is in part owned by Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim. The value of his holdings in the MSM rag, as of today, 11/28/16, approximated $358,620,000. Same day market CAP is $1.86Bn. Evidences Carlos Slim owns 19.28% of the NY Times, as of today..

Given his interest in maintaining NAFTA and not seeing a wall built on the US-Mexico border, and his voting power and other influence in the NY Times, is it any wonder the ever-left-leaning NY Times leaned a lot more left since the nomination of Donald Trump?   ...Just connecting a couple obvious dots.
actually there is no evidence anyone died there
I for one believe it was a hoax, and another gun grab scheme...
The most over looked thing: the picture of "Adam Lanza" is clearly a remade/photoshopped picture
Has anyone tried survival shield x-2??
You no doubt would have an idea of what it would be like to lose a son or daughter in death. I have seen close friends that have actually buried a son or daughter. Ones that while they are by their friends that are so strong that they don't even shed a tear during any visitation or funeral. 

But take them away from their friends and have them talk about that incident then they are a well of tears. I have seen it happen more than once. Heck for some of my close friends, that I have shed a river of tears for. It took their own family members to console me because they were far stronger than I. 

Also there are not doubt those that would even put out fake information in order to make it appear that tragedies never happened. Buying into it without investigating ti would not only hurt you but also others that listen to you. Could their be some things that were faked, sure but unless you were there you cannot be 100% certain of what is faked or real. 

IIRC Sandy Hook is the first elementary school shooting. So it would be normal for chaos  to reign for a while. That is until order has been restored. Trying going through an event you have never experienced before. An event that can be terrifying and say that you will act with perfect calmness and do everything perfectly right where everything needed to be done will be done. Try to say you can do that perfectly and I am sure where a lot of people will say about it.
Gene Rosen - Robbie Parker - the O'Donnells?  Just watch them!  Some folks have 24k hickory between their ears.
In Robbie Parkers speech he states he had two friends that had set up a facebook page to raise money . This was the day after he lost his 6 year old daughter!! FFS!!
Alex, you better be careful, they're looking for any reason to shut you down.
Check out the picture of Robbie Parker leaving his kids funeral in a limo and you see the face of a guy saying I fooled you all suckers.
The government hands are dirty dirty dirty and they know it!
The amount of ignorance here is just overwhelming. So the "Smoking Gun" is that the school was closed for five years. And you all expect a WHOLE town to be in on that conspiracy. Give me a f... break. What upsets me is not that this Alex dude claims to be searching for the truth (while doing the exact opposite) - it's more the amount of people who believe him.
Alex:

     Your news feeds are being blocked by YouTube. 
They are showing up marked as Private Videos.
What the heck is going on?
This is a clear violation of the
"First Amendment!
This is an outrage!
liberals the election is over President Trump won. why are you linking Alex to President Trump stop campaigning it is over
C.HILD N.EGLECT N.ETWORK 
pizzagate
We will prosecute you for telling the truth. Welcome to "the land of the free."
I'll say it sanyhook was and still is a hoax.! Entirely to confiscate guns
Jesus donkey dildo Christ this guy's a fucking ocean of douche.
So where are the 20 victims?
Anderson Cooper was so revealing in knowing it was a hoax. This staged event was one of the more sloppier fraud shootings there were. One of the many.
no injuries? no lawsuits against the school? no evidence. just MSM condemning anyone that questions anything? never let this go Alex
scharfsinnige schlampe
Watching mainstream media is The Matrix.
I am a Sandy Hook resident and live on a road where three of my neighbors were killed. I am also friends with several other families who lost children and I have witnessed their gut wrenching sorrow first hand for the last 4 years.  I can assure you with 100% certainty that the people I know buried their dead children. Any suggestion that this was a hoax is absurd and indigent to the fine people of my town.
hillary (hitlery/kkkillery) can't beat obama to the presidency—how can she (hitlery/kkkillery) beat Trump?  Duh?!
Alex's use of the Wayback Machine (5 min. and 9 sec.) is based on a misunderstanding of how the Wayback Machine works.  The Wayback Machine screen he shows reports the numbers/dates of web captures, not web traffic.  Two very different things.  So much for his "...biggest piece of evidence... the smoking gun if you would".
Final statement?  When are you going to realize that it was a HOAX?  Can you really be dumb enough to think it was real?
There is zero evidence anybody died at SH. All these school shootings are a hoax.
just like when you start calculating up the shots fired compared to bullet wounds in the aurora shooting..the numbers dont add up.

people say the ar-15 round will travel thru bodies, and i agree. but how did the 3 girlfriends not get shot whose 3 boyfriends were covering their body? but the boyfriends die?

and why does media say james holmes used a 100 round drum magazine...when the crime scene photos show the rifle with a 30 round mag? and where is the blood on the seats? why would people just sit in a chair while a gunman is gunning down people?
can't wait for trumps 9/11 type 'event' that turns out to be a false flag
@5.50 Alex the Moon landing was faked, its time to investigate NASA (h)!
An obvious, sloppy hoax...
False flag HOAX. 100%
You're as big a phony, bullshitter, liar and spreader of false information as anyone on this planet. Shame on you, if you had any shame to feel!
What happened at Sandy Hook was a cover up of a police accidental shooting. The 20 children and Ms. Soto and Murphy were shot by Captain Raul Comejo of the Ct. Encon Police. The victims were hiding behind a roll up screen that accessed the tray return room to the school cafeteria. Camejo fired 5 blasts from his Saiga shotgun (Yes, the same one in the trunk of Honda) through the screen, thinking a second suspect was concealed behind it.
Sandy Hook, the Boston Bombing and the Orlando Homocaust were all staged fake events.
wait they demolished the whole fucking school ? lol wut ?
I remember the day of this "drill", most of the background extras were paid $50 bucks cash and got free lunch. I got paid $300 to dress up as an FBI agent. I had met a local couple who posed as grieving parents and they told me their house mortgage would be paid off for participating, which I though was a pretty sweet deal.
No ones shot no ones dead.
You rule Alex thanks for this
do a final statement on 9/11 sandy hook is a joke compared to that
if you go to wayback and type in the address of that school site, but without the /~sh, you actually get plenty of results for 2012, some for 2011 and at lest one for 2010, with there only being a complete gap for 2009 and 08. so is alex just being dishonest here by searching a specific page on the site instead of the main address, to help create a narrative? look for yourselves. plus i don't think alex is right in saying that the site had 'no traffic' for the spots where wayback has no saved copy. afaik wayback making captures of a site has nothing to do with the site getting traffic in general, and there could be several explanations for why wayback didn't archive a capture during those years. you can see the wayback FAQ about this. things like the robots.txt being set up to turn away bots is just one possible explanation.
SANDY HOOK WAS A HOAX....PAUL PRESTON, AGENDA 21 RADIO  agenda21radio.news
One actor prepping is all I need. They would crucify him and whomever cut his check. Not a peep from the media? That means the whole thing was staged.
Alex do you ever sleep?
I'm trying to get my head around this as I have never looked into the sandy hook shooting. So if no children were killed then where are those kids? What about the teachers that worked there? Parents and other kids that went to the school? What about the funerals of the kids and the families of all the dead kids? So many questions, seems impossible to fake such an event.
Thanks for bringing this subject back up.  We wish no harm to any person. On the contrary we want to expose the truth in order to better protect our schools and public buildings. We only get trashed because the truth is so inconvenient and hard to stomach.
I hope they shut down Infowars and the other fake news on the internet never to see the light of day again. PS Alex, I hope you can fit through the eye of a needle, it's your only hope!
What parent laughs when their child has just been been killed in a mass murder??? THIS is clearly BS !!! How clearly tragic that the American Public would be played for such fools especially regarding the murder  ( false ) murder , murder of  children  💔
As far as I am concerned....Wolfgang Halbig is spot on....this was a false flag ploy by Obama to grab guns.....but was so full of RED FLAGS.....you would have to believe in the Easter Bunny and Santa Clause to believe Sandy Hook.....the state of Connecticut failed to follow all their protocol standards
Alex YELL IT OUT ... it is bullshit!
totally fake .... It is treason because Obama
 knew !!! Please check into it!!!!
Alex, why  do insist on swimming in this Sandy Hook "conspiracy" cesspool?! blowing this gossip to your audience is indeed a form of dumbing down...when the whole event is none of our business..and it is such a pathetic waste of time , considering that there are far more events out there that are far and above more important to the cause of libertarianism ...Alex, your ridiculously obsessed with conspiracy ...AND this obsession is caustic to our cause...you, and, YES, we, the audience are writ off as KOOKS.... Toss this conspiracy nonsense in the waste basket, especially when human lives are involved....Hey, let's focus on rebuilding ,restoring America , now that we have such a great opportunity to do greatness with the TRUMP revolution!  Alex , the gossipy,cesspool conspiracy stuff is just a groveling in negativity and utter darkness...LETS ALL LOOK AHEAD INTO THE LIGHT!!!
Most major things that happen are bc of our government 9/11 and the Orlando shooting and sandy hook
@ 9:20 the Absolute GUILT on these board members faces, is astounding.. Awesome Vid Alex.. thank you !
so I agree but what can we do about it. ..
Of course it's fake you can't have dead ppl in pictures years after they died doesn't work that way
Damn...come on.... That stuff was Super Fake!!! It's so obvious and I never believed people saying it until I impartially looked for myself. I don't know what actually happened there but I do know that what we were shown and told was 100% FAKE!!!
Sandy Hook was a HOAX, and a Very amateur operation at that. All the evidence is out there and I watched it unfold in real-time on the "News" as it happened. Everything from the 2 guys arrested at the scene, one running into the cops and the other into the woods, and lost to history by that evening to the crisis actors, especially Robbie Parker and all the others, to the shotgun/AR-15 being removed from the TRUNK of the "suspect, Adam Lanza's" car to the demolition of the Lanza home and the school itself.
  This was as much a lie as all the False Flags that Alex displayed in this video where many people actually died i.e. Pearl Harbor, 9/11 etc, etc, but NOBODY was killed at Sandy Hook and unless your child was a casualty there then you are a LIAR to say otherwise or just a idiot who bought the deception hook, line and sinker.
Sandy Hook=Operation Northwoods=Boston Marathon bombing=Pearl Harbor=9/11
I hope this isn't the final statement. Alex needs to stay on this like a pit bull on the jugular. I had a part time job at a place called Rainbows End when Columbine happened. About a month before this happened, I saw two boys plotting this and then I dreamt of hysteria at a school. In real life when I saw the news footage, it looked like my dream. What bothered me about Sandy hook was that I didn't feel anything hearing the news. 2012 was one of the years I was heavily targeted with suffering from severe migraines, poisoning, convinced some black fluid was injected in me, and pyschotronic harassment of a more advanced degree than when I was serious targeted in '96. Before I was drugged and comatose on my apartment floor in October of '96 to December, I saw things in public which were "strange" like fully suited business men with briefcases wandering around on the side of the road dazed and in a trance. I think many "dupes" were attracted to Sandy Hook and tho was not just a mass child sacrifice but a mass brainwashing experiment with many levels. I've decided to make posts because I know since I've been targeted, then someone may pay attention to what I say .....because I've survived so much where they know they would die and fail. -----------the other night I dreamt of a cafeteria worker at a school coming into work and finding a scared child crouching in a corner of the kitchen which means the chip was tger overnight so the perp is someone trusted with keys to the school. Because black magic is being more quarreled and harnessed, it means the bubbas and the juniors of these polluted bloodlines will start coming out of the wood works. There is one connected to this child reported by the cafeteria worker who should be turning himself in soon. I've sent a laser beam of light to a place in the brain which will put extreme pressure on the inner ears with the words,turn yourself in". The child molesters and sacrficers are coming unraveled with "networks". This psycho is of the old CIA created serial killer model so if he's apprehended and studied it may help to drain the CIA satanic swamp too. Somehow the words Beachdale and Esterhazy are connected to this. I believe children were killed at Sandy Hook but I seriously question if it was a natural tragedy at the hands of another troubled youth like Columbine. At columbine the news thought it significant to report that one of the youth had a looped recording of Wagners(( Neiblegunde?) playing at his house while he was out shooting upba school. When I had a vision of these youth planning something bad, I know Wagnerian opera was the last thing in their mind.
Alex,  you know exactly what happened at sandy hook.. I know you can't come out fully on your opinion with this though.  but your real listeners know your stance on this.  👊😒
These freaks make human  sacrifices on relative dates.  The Podesta/Pizzagate is exposing how rituals are offered.  Can you believe Podesta is a satanist?  If so, you can believe Sandy Hook was some sort of ritual, albeit a mock one.
You don't need to pander to the lying media.  Some would rather believe kids were massacred, than believe a hoax was perpetrated.  QUESTION EVERYTHING!  Check  out SLOPPY SNIPER Sandy Hook .  You'll see David Wheeler posing as both a parent and a poorly trained officer carrying his rifle by the magazine.  Now it's time to look at the Boston Marathon.
I have heard you say you were not sure but there was a cover up more than once....They need to listen for themselves to what Alex said!
Wake up, Alex.....the evidence of fraud is STAGGERING!!!!
whats the mathematical odds that they was about a mile from the school training law enforcement at sandy hooks and san Bernardino as well? like umm fucking zero! my grandfather was a probation officer in california and they dont carry guns and have bulletproof vest. they have the cops do the breach and they cuff them once the cops take the person down they typically get a backup gun from a cop and give it back after the arrest. wake up people you are being lied too. all fake commie propaganda.
What. was the deal about Lanza's dad having to testify overseas somewhere as well I believe there was talk of Hillary to testify but mysteriously hit her head?
Alex, thanks for your comments. I would have come to the same conclusion that it was a "false flag" even if you had not published any comment at all - ever. The whole thing stinks to high heaven. The reason for the alleged incident? Goodness knows. Maybe anti-gun lobby. Maybe land grabbing? Corruption deal? Who knows? Someone knows - but it will never be the general public. With the depth of cover-up Governmental Offices are involved somewhere. Maybe even MSM itself. So far as I'm concerned you and your reporters have a clean sheet. You can't win them all but rational Public Opinion KNOWS what ISN'T the truth even if they don't know what IS the truth.
i never heared of sandy hook
Robbie Parker was very well dressed. 
it's like he was prepared for the news interview. 
You won't be prepared after your kids death like that. 
very strange indeed. 
And they always choose a elementary school because big kids may expose their lies.
is anyone talking about john lang fresno police killed him
but look at the GUN control they wanted and got in CT. and NY..
Trump did 9/11
anything obama has fingerprints on is suspect. look at fast and furious gun running to narco terrorists to promote gun control.    knowing now thanks to wiki leeks we know the democrats are sadistic  pedophiles  . they probably murdered those human trafficking victims.   we know "Site intelligence group"  a known propaganda firm was knee deep in it with rita katz
Sandy Hook is THE standard bearer for the modern day False Flag Operation! It was Obama & Hillary's 1st step in wanting to take away OUR right to bear arms.
The quote is: "The lady doth protest too much, methinks."
At least they didn't blow up the whole building like Bush and Cheney did or Oklahoma City bombing!  I don't think Bin Ladin and Timothy McVeigh are dead they are drinking margaritas on a Venezuela beach!  Who was the DOJ of Oklahoma when that bombing happened?  Might be surprised at how these circles run!!
instead of trying to sell your dick pills, how about you go out and say that sandy hook, boston, and orlando (the big three) are all fake? but of course, you won't because the zionists and israelies have a hand in your pocket, so you won't say a fucking thing about it
sandy hook was 100% fake. There is absolutly no proof of a shooting.
You don't see anything about anyone knowing family members that were involved or anything its weird.
I live close to the area. I provided crisis counseling to children either directly or indirectly affected by this tragedy. I also know one of the teachers who died there. People really died there. There was an actual shooting.
My parents and in-laws all live couple towns over..
ANd towns in CT are very small..
~My father in-law (retired police chief,mayor etc and his brother)retired fire chief) are disgusted and told everyone not to talk about it on social media or press..

**The firearms permit in CT post S@ndyh00kis stacked with complications and it now takes 8-12 months.
Maga4life movement!
Dawn Hochsprung's still alive.
The only reason for this vid is because subs rate is dropping.  Nothing else.
This is good: http://www.dcclothesline.com/2015/01/03/sandy-hook-child-victim-noah-pozner-killed-twice-also-victim-pakistan-taliban-shooting/
pure disinformation no one died it's another HOAX HOAX HOAX folks !!!
Alex isn't doing his research very well.  He's cherry picking for an obvious agenda.  This is a link to an article in the Newtown Patch, November 2011.  I also found a school events page on archive.org from October 2010.  I used to like Alex, but if he's so great, why couldn't he find these?  http://patch.com/connecticut/newtown/sandy-hook-school-welcomes-incoming-kindergarteners
Hi Satan here just wanted to say thanks to all you good
Christians for voting for my man Trump. Oh make sure all of you wear shorts for
the apocalypse, I don't want to pick up a bunch of shredded coats and sweaters,
yeah it's finally here and you good church goers made it happen. Just want you
all to know God will not forgive this. Well I will be seeing you all real soon.
Thanks again. The Devil, Lucifer, Prince of Darkness, you feel me, SATAN!
This is a real story about cover up that needs to be exposed! You go Alex! Keep exposing these lairs and losers!
Alex points out the most obvious evidence that this event is a hoax... and then comes to a very soft conclusion: "I dont know what really happened"... COME ON ALEX. Call a spade a spade.
me thinks thou doeth protest too much
It was  a hoax, compliments of Obamas version of FEMA. Any doubts? check the real estate transactions in Newtown Conn. on the Cristmas Day befor the Hoax, seams everyone within a five mile radious had their houses paid off on that day
TRILLIONS STOLEN! OVER 200 TRILLION!
I'm surprised you didn't bring up the Libor scandal in association with this report!
I'm watching this psychopath movement unfold in albuquerque . . .
Also Alex ask why they girl named Linnie who has several names) was supposed to of been killed at the SH school yet the stupid news aired footage of them questioning her and played it in other countries! It's pathetic.
I live about 40 minutes away and know people who live there and I can't tell you. But there is a video of a father talking about his kids and later to see him dressed as an FBI agent on several different occasions
Sandy hook was weird nobody could get the story straight...and i remember ar being planted in trunk in a video.
Alex it was a fraud a government drill it was on the FEMA site it's out here for you to see. Expose these people and they're bs!
Robbie is lying I can tell when he talks. Not just him smiling before.
I've been to all the big news sites on YouTube and asked them to tell the truth so we're good now. Hopefully they will listen. .....yeah......maybe we all need to do it.
Good luck with that undiagnosed throat cancer.
alex u forgot to mention the devil worships at sandy hook
Alex there is no fence sitting on this one. pick a side and take the flak.  sandy hook was a government pys ops.
Google cache date on united way sandy hook fund 4 days before shooting is the smoking gun...
I believe Sandy Hook was real and the government is responsible for it. The story itself is almost unrealistically poetic. An over-protective mothers spoils her child rotten. Instead forcing out to be among the men and work, she feeds and buys him violent video games created by Globalists owned corporate pigs who've sold their souls to the devil for profit and have contributed to the destruction of American youth. They further warped his already mentally disturbed mind and she purchases guns because (I am guessing) she wanted to boost his self-esteem.
Maybe children died. Maybe it was another in the endless stream of governmental psy-ops scams. Maybe it was both. President Barry was trying to clamp down on gun ownership, again, If anyone remembers. This wouldn't bolster his position, would it?
Anyone remember pictures of Nazi soldiers shooting women and children and dumping them in ditches? Who is going to tell me there is not one gov't flunky, let alone thousands, who wouldn't do the same thing for their fearless leaders? Human behaviour is human behaviour, and "That couldn't happen here!" is such a crock. 
Whether people died will remain an unanswered question. Whether there was corruption, subterfuge, massive pay-offs (look no further than the town council) and protocol violations is not questionable. This whole episode stank from the first. It was a staged production. Whether anyone died, I don't know. Neither do you.
Great job! Most Americans KNOWS it was a "made up deal" to take away our gun rights. Don't be intimidated by the actual fake news media. It all comes out in the wash as my granny used to say.
sandy hook was green screened on the Moon by NASA
Mental Screenings on every citizen of the United States is what the government is pushing for. This is their ultimate "solution"
really activated my almonds
They destroyed the school!?!? Definitely needs looking into again, I believe it was a staged event.
The obvious difference. Oklahoma, we seen coverage of the parents affected and funeral coverage. 911, we seen no victim coverage or funerals, Sandy hook no victims or funeral coverage....
15:27 <--- No Shakespearean play contains "Methinks thou dost protect too much," that's a misquote from "Hamlet".
The line actually reads, "The lady doth protest too much, methinks."
Further, Gertrude was not "protesting" in the modern meaning because the definition of that word changed after Shakespeare died. 
The principal meaning of "protest" in Shakespeare's day was "vow" or "declare solemnly," a meaning preserved in our use of "protestation."
Look, the real question to ask ourselves is, what is the one thing that would give them the best chance of being able to pass the most significant gun control? And, do you doubt for a second that the smartest man in the world, Barack Obama, would do this?   And while having a Liberal in the Whitehouse is their only shot and there's no telling when they'd get the chance again! And if you were a Fucked up Liberal and wanted to trick all the dumb deplorables and get to everyone's heart, and you had the CIA and FBI to do it, would this not be the greatest and most surefire way to get it done? And then go at yourself on the back while you laugh about how dumb the people are who cling to their Guns, God, and Religion! I'll guarantee you it was a hoax and was probably thought up by Barry himself! Smh
Look, the real question to ask ourselves is, what is the one thing that would give them the best chance of being able to pass the most significant gun control? And, do you doubt for a second that the smartest man in the world, Barack Obama, would do this?   And while having a Liberal in the Whitehouse is their only shot and there's no telling when they'd get the chance again! And if you were a Fucked up Liberal and wanted to trick all the dumb deplorables and get to everyone's heart, and you had the CIA and FBI to do it, would this not be the greatest and most surefire way to get it done? And then go at yourself on the back while you laugh about how dumb the people are who cling to their Guns, God, and Religion! I'll guarantee you it was a hoax and was probably thought up by Barry himself! Smh
All anyone need do is begin looking.  One of the big tells to me was the elite member of law enforcement/military walking around with their guns slung haphazardly over a shoulder, their back, no trigger discipline no protocol at all.   This, quite simply put, DOES NOT HAPPEN, NOT EVER!!  Most of you hunters or sport shooters know this, but it seems the highly trained officers at Sandy Hook forgot, and not just one guy, ALL of the ones I saw walking around the scene.  
Why did the FBI crime statistics show NO-ZERO-ZILCH murders for the county during the calendar year?  Why do you see people, the same people in different roles at different tragedy's?  Could they be 'crisis actors'?  Why is the photo of the little boy in the bomber jacket from Sandy Hook, also a pictured as one killed in the Hospital bombing in Afghanistan?  Why are the 'family' photos of Sandy Hook victims so heavily photo-shopped?  Why are there missing body parts in those pics?
Yes, some hinky crap was perpetrated in Sandy Hook, but I'm afraid it wasn't done by any lone gunman, who most likely never existed in the first place, no it was done by factions within the government who do not want us armed and aware.  Naturally, IMHO.  Go look, it all easily accessible online.
alex and his goons are full on controlled opposition, there is no gray area surrounding sandy hook-it was a complete hoax,  proven a thousand times over and there is not one single shred of proof it was a real shooting, alex knows not one person died, he says he's not sure what happened--HOLY CRAP- what a scumbag- HE'S  LYING !!!!!!!    controlled opposition- he's worse than the gullible fools that just believe everythin they see on tv.
You can't claim to be for truth if you don't have the balls to tell it because of how the lying media demonizes you. Truth doesn't come from a coward Alex. So if you feel like you have to sell events like Sandy Hook as possibly real, and San Bernadino and Pulse as 100% real terror attacks when you have told us in the past you know the war on terror is an orchestrated scam, then you are in the wrong business. If you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen. Bill Cooper had the balls to tell it like it was and didn't give two shits about altering his opinion based on who demonized him. If you have to be wishy washy or sell fake events as real cause you are worried about being attacked or being demonized by the corrupt media then you are no better then them and selling the same misinformation as they do, caving to their pressure.
My thought was it was an attempt to get rid of the 2A
high powered handguns???
The left is just exploiting a tragedy for personal gain!  They're all liars!
Sandy Hoax never happened!!!
robbie parker an actor,  an odd ball or just someone suffering from delayed grief ?  whichever way you slice it his sudden change from smiling to doing that weird inhaling thing is just weird to see.
OMG.  I live in Ilion, NY.  Remington.  HOAX?
Sandy Hook was a production!!  Adam Lanza can not shoot at that high of an accuracy rate!!!  That Halbig guy is right!
Oh my gosh, you're talking out of both sides of your mouth! Take a position or shut your bucket-mouth.
In October of 2015 I was in line at the Winsted, Connecticut Post Office along with a Connecticut State Trooper. While he and I were standing in line I asked him if the shooting in Newtown at the Sandy Hook Middle School was a drill and he said "yes". I also asked him, "so you're telling me that no children were killed in Sandy Hook" and he said, "yes". He also said that they are not allowed to discuss the matter with each other and that a few troopers were fired from their positions because they discussed the matter too often. I actually knew the truth before I talked to this honest officer, but this conversation actually put the icing on the cake for me.
They staged Sandy hook Alex and you can admit it.  We won't hate you for saying it and will still watch you. who cares want anyone else says
Where wiki leaks with the orchestrated gun grab shootings. We got to catch these false flaggers.
There are many elite criminals infecting Hollywood. They are pedophile communist wanting to control the masses through brainwashing propaganda. They control all production studios, mass media, and make up the banking cartel.
There is * NO * evidence anyone died that day.
Ahhh. Political Correctness;  Can't ask the question(s) if someone MIGHT end up butt-hurt.  

Don't forget the websites that posted the event too early. Not to mention the internet memorials days before the event occurred. Then there are the multiple violations of the public safety codes where a police officer announced the deaths in a situation where a paramedic are not legally allowed to announce death unless is it beyond obvious like decapitation.  In fact, paramedics were not permitted into the building. No arrests were made in those instances either. 

I won't say it doesn't add up because it does. Sandy Hook stinks of a hoax to secure an agenda. 

 If an investigation kicks off and it is eventually proven to have been a hoax, everyone involved with the coverup, no matter how high up the criminal ladder it goes, needs to face criminal charges. Conspiracy to commit fraud, obstruction of justice, and so on. Don't let those charged with multiple offenses defend all the charges at once.
mass shootings up 700% with obama administration.
No urgency, tears, bodies, nothing but crisis actors as has been proved. Democrats are so desperate for meaningless gun control. NWO=No Way Obama. Additionally the building was not in use previously and scheduled for demolition.
Robbie Parker laughing after daughter being murdered was enough for me! The coroner laughing at his own joke iced it!  Add the myriad of other evidence and their is no doubt in my mind this was staged for gun control! Once confirmed, AG Sessions needs to investigate this w first witness being former AG Eric Holder!
AYE YO THIS SHIT IS BANANAS, B A N A N A S! #thinkaboutthebananas
watch my 11 videos on Sandy Hook. And for what it's worth, initially I didn't believe Sandy Hook was staged- or any previous shooting, ie Tucson, until that Robby Parker clip aired a couple days later. Now I believe there have been at least 2 dozen staged shootings and bombings since. I hope Alex keeps this up, ppl need to question authority and media. 
I believe Trump will tactfully expose the false flags just like Alex just did here. Remember, in a low-key interview, Pres-elect Trump actually said Obama's long form birth certificate (the one DJT requested) looked suspect.
if it is proven to be a hoax it will all be perfectly legal since propaganda has been legalized.
Do you want to know the real TRUTH about Sandy Hook and all the other hoax events? Read the article below.
Flat out hoax just like 911.
The only thing you need to know to see that Sandy Hook was a fraud is the parents bizarre behavior and body language.  Thanks for making this video Alex!
I see the same paradigm with the Orland slaughter incident.
I know off topic but what happened to Alex's voice?  It's like his old sandy hook video was before he hit puberty
WHY THE TRUTH MUST COME OUT ABOUT SANDY HOOK AND OTHER FALSE FLAGS - Sandy Hook needs to be fully investigated by the real news (Info Wars and a select number of alternative news sites), as the fake news outlets (CNN, MSNBC, CBS, ABS, FOX, NY Times etc.) have participated, and actively covered up this obvious false flag event, which appears to have been designed to horrify the american public in order for the globalists to roll back the second amendment.  If Sandy Hook can be proven to be a false flag event (Organized at the highest level), and CNN can be proven as having been an active part, and a key actor in this staged event, it will go a long way to expose how utterly corrupt the globalists, democrats, and the corporate media really are.  If the corporate media is fully exposed, and the American people can come out from "Under the ether" while learning the sobering truth, the public will be shocked and enlightened to learn all the lies they've been told over the years.  Exposing the depths of corruption of the corporate media is key for the Donald Trump administration have a chance of being fairly covered by the "True media" going forward.   The corporate "Fake News" media is clearly located at "Ground Zero" in the swamp Trump needs to drain.  With YouTube, Twitter, Facebook and others now claiming they planning to shut down their version of "Fake news sites" it's more important than ever to preserve the last places one can go to learn the truth. Exposing, and bringing down the Main Stream/Corporate Media/Fake News syndicate will allow the brainwashed american public a chance to wake up to the lies and programming they have been subjected to over the many years. It is time for the diabolical criminals within our government and corporate media under the control of the globalists be put under the spot light for all to see, and then be held accountable for treason.  Once the truth is out, the United States and the world can begin to heal under the light of truth, so we can all move forward toward peace, happiness, and prosperity.
2 words for you alex WOLFGANG HALBIIG
This is so obvious to see.  Obama comes out claiming fake news when in fact it was his main stream news sites like, CNN,, abc, NBC, msnbc etc that was putting out fake news the whole time!     This is another Saul Alinsey tactic in rules for radicals the left uses!   The left will always take what is happening twist it around blame the opposition when in fact they were the ones who originated it in the first place!    They do this in every single issue that happens!    Every single one!   Looks like we are on to the lefts playbook and can see right through it!
The dumbing down of America is also dumbing down the fraudsters while they scratch their heads wondering, how can the public figure this out so clearly?
It's one thing to say the media would have fake reports, but this is far beyond that. For this to be true you are now including the cops in all this fake story. Are you seriously going to accuse the cops of being involved in a staged fake crime?  The whole police department would have to be in on it. That is a really big accusation. I don't think you thought this out as well as you thought.
How come the false flag list doesn't have the killing of JFK
Look up race 4 chase charity. It has weird eye/triangle/heart pedophile symbolism, I found out about it while researching pizza-gate. There was also a bizarre Baha'i faith ceremony after Sandy Hook massacre. It was a psychological experiment.
HOAX
ZOMBIE MEDIA
NEEDS A SHIRT
All I can say is that I live in Shelton, Ct. Our town is only a few miles south of Newtown. I have encountered NUMEROUS residents from Newtown since this event occurred including former teachers and those who had children in the school. Without reviewing all of their testimony, I can tell you that the massacre DEFINITELY happened. Why don't you simply visit Sandy Hook and speak with the residents??? This is the most ridiculous conspiracy theory ever devised.
WE'LL PREVENT THE A.I. FROM TAKING OVER.
WHEELCHAIR HAWKING AD AGAIN JUST PASS AWAY AND GET REINCARNATED ALREADY
The 1st clue to me that there was something wrong on the Official Story was the fact that the top cop threatened people nation wide over looking into Sandy Hook...
So confused, but, why threaten people as if asking questions were a crime in and of itself ??? WHY? I'm sorry, but, this Sandy Hook Gun Grabbing Scheme has more holes than Swiss Cheese as Alex says - Sooooooooo True.
Alex, I liked your report on Sandy Hook.  But why didn't you talk about the mortgages?  Why didn't you mention that they were all paid for at the same time.  All people in Sandy Hook had their mortgages paid off in full right after this event.
there is more evidence proving a complete hoax than real exponentially.
wag the dog
just like the wizard of oz, slight of hand narratives done as a production seem real and scary. all these things are wizard of oz tricks and scams.  fear not. let toto pull back the curtain and expose the wizard. 

this story ends different than the wizard of oz, alls well that ends well. this story ends with dorothy prosecuting the wizard for damaging her life, her psychy and her mind.

dorothy wins and the wizard goes to jail, all his ill gotten gains are clawed back and dorothy works through the trauma the rest of her life, she recovers and becomes a musician.
Balanced, fair and gracious. I believe Sandy Hook was fake but an investigation could settle it once and for all. Keep up the good fight AJ
Anderson Cooper is a sick twisted sociopath
When news came on I googled the school and noticed the playground area was all grownup with weeds. Very obvious no traffic on the playground. I must be suspicious. No wonder school had been closed.
The feminist Naomi Wolf said publicly it was a hoax....and she is considered credible by the mainstream media
I'm from Australia. This sounds awfully familiar to the Port Arthur massacre. Lots of holes. The biggest hole was a conversation between police and the supposed assasin, Martin Bryant that was eventually released. In it, there were ginshots heard. But how can he talk on the phone and shoot at the same time? The official story was that it was the policeman coughing! Wtf?
Noah pozners pic was used 2yrs later in another mass school shooting overseas.  How was he killed twice? How does the state trooper dashcam footage show that no one crossed in front of the car like the transcripts claim. The forensics show completely different facts than what were claimed.  The people claimed to be parents of victims are actors with imdb profiles.
Info wars----The NRA's bitch---Alex takes it up the ass with a shot gun for pleasure
Absolutely fake 100% bullshit
Remember the Movie
The Greatest story ever told well Through my life I call it 
The greatest bullshit story ever told
911 to me is the 2nd greatest bullshit ever told
And you guessed  it Sandy Hook is the next biggest bullshit ever told
great clip alex thanks for the info, patriot
Yes! I would love to see the Sandy Hook details here on infowars!
IT WOULD BE EPIC IF TRUMP OPENED UP AN INVESTIGATION INTO THIS AS WELL AS THE BUSH ADMIN FOR 9/11. WISH IN ONE HAND, SHIT IN THE OTHER THOUGH...
Don't expect Paul Joseph Watson to do a video about this as he has said he believes the official version of Sandy Hook and thinks those who question it are nuts.
e pluribus unum
throws rope
humanz..do not trust em
you are a double agent mr alex
a traitor to these beingz
no mercy is godz battle cry
you lied
you will die
god is back
zeig heil
Nice work, Alex. So sad to see that virtually no one is watching MSM, anymore. Reminds me of the blatant lies issued by bad actors in the CBI during the Waco siege.
PLEASE JUST LOOK UP THE TOWNS PROPERTY RECORDS, CITY ASSESSOR, CHECK OUT THAT ON CHRISTMAS DAY SO MANY RESIDENTS HOMES WERE PAID OF IN FULL LEAVING A BALANCED OF ZERO OWED!!!!  NOT ONLY IS THAT ENOUGH TO OPEN AN INVESTIGATION BUT IT'S PROOF OF GUILT.
god that Robbie parker interview is so bad
Wolfgang Halbig is the man to speak to
Rather than wait for facts, the media rushes to break rumors, then we have misinformation and distrust everywhere in news.
Google "Sandy Hook + fraud indicators"
100% faked, keep on it Alex.
The whole sandyhook , Boston bombings,  9/11 , cinema shootings all these are just so they can pass new laws take your guns and entrap you all in slavery scare you from going out watch you 24/7 on camera NWO and all the elites Hahaha all fucked up now that TRUMP is in charge hope Alex can be TRUMPS information card on false flags
How can anyone smile after there childs just had their head blown off definitely a fake drama with lots of people involved they should all be investigated and then hung, watching other videos on sandy hook theirs people walking off camera into a wall that camo guy was involved but mms brushed it under the carpet when they realised he was involved
sandy hook is probs a witch town
My God he cannot just admit that he got rambunctious and was deceptive in what he said about Sandy Hook. He was screaming false flag, and no one died there from the start. He has no real character that a believer in Jesus would. He is a deceiver, yeah he says things that are true but remember this.....  THERE IS ALWAYS GOOD CHEESE IN A RAT TRAP
The website has now been removed, and the archive dates only show, "The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable."
A day before the shooting there was already a Sandy Hook donation web page put up and when someone brought this up the next day it was deleted.
Sandy Hook & Orlando were psyop hoax's - Trump could change the world IF he exposed it . . .
We're going to have to build new prisons, because Trump will go on full assault against these corrupt fiends.
I have always thought no kids died that day, but now knowing how sick the democrats are. Maybe they sacrificed these kids!
If there were 20+ bodies riddled with bullet holes, the blood in the room would have literally been "splashing" under your feet, as a person bent down to check kids, blood all over the lower pants, blood on gloves and sleeves, bloody footprints everywhere and bloody rags, towels, sheets. Sandy Hook footage and Orlando shootings, nothing, nadda, zip. Not even one set of footprints out of the school. So many more strange things about Sandy Hook.
Dig up the graves. That's how you find out. Yes very disrespectful and against the law but I mean that would blow the whole thing up.
You know they've paid everybody in that little town to keep their mouth shut. That's where the missing money goes. To stage the event and then pay the actors.
I'm not sure which is more obviously bullshit? This or 9/11?
Either way you'd have to be a total retard to believe the "offical" story of either!
oh my god. these mainstream media is so stupid i can,t stand these idiots
Out of all hoax to do , to play with the lives of children is wrong. That is an instant KARMA marker. While you lie about something like that it could truly happen to your child.  That is the worst joke to play. What about the pics of the kids that were supposed to have died that they have of them older? There is something that does not go together, They claimed the police arrived at a certain time but video shows like an hour later than what they claimed.The officer said he had lined them up at a certain and walked them out but the clocks showed a different time. The whole thing was a lie. Every instance they claimed was proven to be at different times than claimed. How the hell are you gonna be laughing and joking and then turn it off and turn on fake tears? If i had lost a member of my family to something so tragic I would not be laughing. Their bodies were not even in the ground yet and they are all standing around. None of this story makes sense. I just hope they didn't really lose a child out of karma for the lie they invented.
All their houses were paid off on Christmas of that year.
what about that documentary, lets talk about sandy hook.????? You will be crazy to believe that it really happened after watching that.
Alex just interview Dr Jim Fetzer he will set u straight
Alex, how can you have a "final statement" when the truth about Sandy Hook is still being covered up? 
When you claim to have made a final statement under such a situation, it only means you don't care if the truth about Sandy Hook is going to be told or not.  What a shame!
Yes let's
Alex, you're still on the fence?  There's millions of people that have no doubt this incident is BS.  Get with it.
Great response.  If MSM is dumb enough to bring this back into the forefront, when their integrity is so suspect, let them be foisted on their own petard.
It is never a dull day at infowars. Obama decided to call infowars fake? There you have it, Obama. Let's talk about Sandy Hook!!
Let's hope no kid died that day, otherwise we will have to ask Podesta where Sandy Hook kids ended up.
Very smart move making this video, Alex and team. Very well played.
Double Down Alex!
pizzagate
#1. Eric Holder was in CT on Nov 27, 2012 for Project Longevity (he was there to greenlight the Sandy Hook Fraud, remember Fast and Furious, watch his video on brainwashing kids about guns).  #2. The kids photos were of child models.  See Jill Greenberg's artistic work of some of the kids.  #3. It was a drill (which was scheduled) turned into a news story.  #4. There were pictures by the AP on their website and a video that was dated the day before or before it supposedly happened.  #5. Robbie Parker's family photos were photoshopped.  #6.  Why did the CIA Director John O. Brennan inform Obama (remember the picture in the WH)?  This is not the CIA's job, this is a law enforcement issue not an intelligence matter.  #7 They a similar thing in Dunblane, UK 1996 and Port Arthur in Australia which led to gun bans, they though they could do the same in the US.
Watch youtube take down this video...
AMAZING VIDEO ALEX, YOU APPROACHED THE QUESTION WITH REASON AND FACTS.
 I LOVE INFO WARS, ALWAYS ASK QUESTIONS TO FIND TRUTH.
Always appreciated Alex
Google earth by date shows no activity any day of the school week anytime before the hoax. All the homes of those involved were mysteriously paid off on Christmas even though the offices would be closed. hoax hoax hoax
What about David Wheeler in SWAT GEAR with NO indentifying law enforcement emblems, but gear and 2 rifles and a handgun, carrying a AR buy the Mag, trying to hide his face avoiding cameras. YEAH, the guy that was supposedly a Parent! FAKE BULLSH!T!!!! NOT 1 BODY BAG SHOWN TAKEN OUT OF THERE, NOT 1 RESCUE HELICOPTER, EDITED VIDEO OF RESPONDING OFFICERS, NOT ANY FBI DATA OF MURDERS IN NEWTOWN, CT? WHAT ABOUT THE SUPPOSED MANSION THAT HAD ALL OLD FUNITURE, NOT 1 FLAT SCREEN, AND HE SUPPOSEDLY KILLED HIS MOM WITH A .22LR? GET REAL, TOO MANY QUESTIONABLE B.S. LIES AND DECEPTION.
I don't want to deny humans lost their lives children for Heaven's sake, but it is really fishy, the school had mold and asbestos, it was either not in operation or really poorly maintained, they had to demolish it, the school was so bad. Plus all the people caught on camera smiling or laughing cops running civilians away from danger when a school teacher is walking students in a straight line calmly from the same area. picture of a little girl with a left hand where her right hand should be, it's fishy
The FBI site says zero murders for Newtown that year. Oops!
Watch channel : barry saotero
Sandy Hook never happened, it was a hoax and Info Wars knows it.
Yeah a boy that was supposed to have died in Sandy hook also died overseas. Same picture was used.
how weird I was researching this last night after I saw a liberal media post about Alex
Wait, Pearl Harbor was a false flag?
If the eating of food in the building can be sub·stan·ti·ated I would have to say I would reopen the investigation.
Close encounters shows a country, where infrastructure just crumbled.. A short time before great blackout had happened..

Many roads leave back from this beginningvdevastation.. where Enron then could do the rest...

Look, how Spielberg at this time showed your country your housing, your people.. its bizarre..
Make it ever worse.. is the devise..

And if they want induce misery in you.. it always gets plastic. we came, we sae, he died..

Dance of vampires..
This they teach on xour raped universities too..
Theory and praxis of minffuck..
They do everxthing, even the stuoid ISis stuff.. daeeeessshhh.
Despicable... They all need to ROT.
Im with you,. i dont know WHAT to make of this Sandy Hook thing,. the only thing I can say for sure, is everything Obama has ever said was a lie!,. Based upon that,. if you extrapolate the exact opposite of what he says? is 100% the truth! If he says red it means blue,. if he says white its black,. if he says up? it means down. Simple logic. pathological lies!
Truth Ring's true for people that love JUSTICE ,LOVE, WISDOM and Power from GOD . GOD BLESS Your Work Alex
Their is going to be a lot more false flags coming from the left sponsored by Soros
dilettants play masters of universe
ok now lets talk about Orlando.
Thank You for bringing this back to the forefront as it MUST be investigated and those that are behind clear fraud MUST be held accountable... It stinks to high heaven that the school was demolished and homes with all the evidence and all evidence not being allowed to ever be investigated ...and in fact it is obstruction of justice and tampering with evidence on a mass criminal scale... Hillary's great job of smashing evidence on phones and destroying evidence is small stuff to what the scum did here and WE WANT REAL TRUTH ...  with indictments of those behind the crimes!   .... Now we have people in our federal government that are insiders with ability to leak and provide info and are not afraid of Obama and the Clinton scum gang putting holes in their back anymore .... good people who love our country need to now step it up and let the scum behind the crimes be prosecuted for their crimes!!! Thank you Alex for your perfect timing on reopening the conversation and bringing it back into the spot LIGHT!
Total Hoax!  End of story!
Rbby Parker is the worst actor in the universe
I love info wars, str8 up actually tell us the truth and dont follow any lies and are not BIAS!!
That "parent's" reaction and his prepping before the cameras is enough to make anyone question what happened at Sandy Hook.  With that said, it's amazing to consider the extent someone would have had to have gone through to stage all of that...and for what purpose.  Scary.
http://www.bloomberg.com//news/articles/2016-11-18/banks-are-entering-a-new-world-order-analyst-says
Thing is people DO die in these shootings...but yes I'm sorry a lot of them do not add up and do seem like hoaxes...you can still have a hoax staged shooting and kill people FYI
I remember this yes it wasVery strange
#DrainTheSwamp #cometPizza
I hate crisis actors!
They are trying to cover up PIZZA GATE ! ! ! !
#LetsTalkAboutSandyHook
Trump should have his DOJ prosecute all involved. Then we'd know he was for real and not just another tool.
wow
You miss so many facts that prove this is a complete lie. Sandy Hook false flag criminal psyop against the American people. We are just the peasants. We are the unwashed masses to be dictated to with media propaganda. Turn off your cable or Satellite feed. Hit them with your dollars. Check out the Barry Soetoro youtube chanel for "sloppy sniper". Look at all the IMDB actors paraded across the screen to manipulate your emotions. Never surrender your God given rights!
Kids were shuffled off by their satanist parents to a pedo island in the Caribbean ..whole town was bought up and populated by satanists..corruption all the way to MSM , Conn SP and ultimately the WH..sounds ridiculous?..FBI has facts but lacks support of leadership to pursue..keep pounding away Alex..there will be justice in the end..
These poor children did die. It is absurd to think otherwise. I know people in the area that lost children that day. This nonsense needs to stop.
And that's the bottom line.. The official story don't jive one bit.. ONCE AGAIN.. revert to MSMigans
ALEX!! -You missed the biggest Gun Smokers!! GENE ROSIN!! & The both caught on vid  "Sloppy Sniper"/ victim father!
Sandy Hook didn't happen....
False flag we know it
FBI statistics show 0 deaths in that town that year. Look it up. Just an excuse to demonize inanimate objects. ie firearms.😎
don't forget about the two Dead Cops and the Parker family starting up  a Facebook fund page day before the shooting even happen
No one died at Sandy Hook. period. end of story. it was a fema drill. 👍
Don't forget they also got caught lying about Iraq with weapons of mass destruction.
You guys are honestly crazy if you think Sandy Hook was faked. I can get why people would question 9/11 or the JFK assassination, but anyone with a brain can tell that the simplest explanation is the truest. It was some angsty shithead kid who couldn't get laid on a suicide mission trying to gain notoriety and shock the world before he went. It was a horrific act and I'd love to see you guys say your false flag theory to some family who lost a kid there.
Alex doing some damage control,distancing himself from some earlier reports if he ever wants Trump to talk to him again. Good reason to not invite David Icke on. Fun to listen to but Alex could very quickly become another Jeff Rense with guest that say the Queen is a lizard and the moon is hollow.
thank god for free speech and thought
Do one on the shooting in charlotte sc
Look at the pictures of the children attending their own funeral. Look at the video of the said dead children singing in the Super Bowl. Dedicating a song to themselves. It's FRAUD.
Look at those city counsel people and how they just sit there with poker faces!!!  They really are incredible actors.
We both tried the Morpheus "Matrix" sunglasses and the "They Live" George Nada sunglasses ... yeah, no doubt Sandy Hoax was indeed a crisis actor drill operation gone live .. { ఠ ͟ಠ) .●-●.. [｡◉㉨◉].⌐▨-▨ ..."THEY LIVE"..
YEAHHHHHH ALEX!!   Your credibility just redeemed substantially in my book! Now if you would only expose the soap opera crisis actors of the  Pulse Nightclub shooting HOAX  in Orlando...the San Bernardino HOAX...the Paris 11/13 HOAX...the Brussels airport HOAX...& all the others, too numerous to name...your reputation will rise out of the alt right propaganda mainstream & get back on par with TRUE JOURNALISM.
26 Christmas trees behind the fire house
Thank you Alex, you're a good man...
Go Alex! you need to get Wolfgang Halbig back on. they threatened him so much he removed his site on sandy hook justice.
Alex is a turd.
thank you thank you thank you for posting this video. ...
The shootings of 2012 happened to distract America. Distract the people from what? The largest racketeering and money laundering scheme known to humankind. The LIBOR scandal. $43+ ($300 to $800) TRILLION, stolen. Who was involved? Members of the US Government, Bankers, CEO's etc. Kevin Krim, Peter Lanza, and Robert Holmes were simply blackmailed and basically USED in this mass distraction. Don't believe it? Here is the case number...12-CV-04269-JBW-RML. The initial complaint filed is 900 pages long. Most american's are indeed sheep not to realize this.
James Holmes's father was due in International Court as a 'key witness' in the LIBOR scandal, along with Adam Lanza's father.
Regarding Sandy Hook ... Research the shooters father, you will find Peter Lanza was a software engineer / mathematician who has the 'proof in form' of software bank algorithms of the US Government working together with the Mexican drug cartels.

Youtube title search- The James Holmes Conspiracy - Part 1/4 (Documentary)

（ ¬___¬ ）LQQK 【• ▂ •】What?
The music video below was made and released prior to the Aurora shooting event... Just saying.

Youtube- illuminati 'Lil Wayne my Homies Still exposed'

Google- 10 FACTS REVEALING CONSPIRACY BEHIND AURORA SHOOTERS

For starters Youtube: Ben Swann: Full Disclosure: Is There A Connection Between Libor Scandal And School Shootings

"Give me control of a nation's money and I care not who makes it's laws" 
— Mayer Amschel Bauer Rothschild
Notice how all the false flags stopped when they thought Hillary was a sure winner. 

P.S.   Alex dont forget about Danny Williams. I'd like to here more on this.
Hello, Alex good job:  At this point Trump is not yet  in the Whitehouse and there  IS A revolt against him WHICH IS  out of control. Until Trump gets into the Whitehouse, someone should ask him to tone it down, that is; ask him to "NOT BE SO INFORMATIVE, SUCH AS SAYING TO EVERYONE WHAT HE IS  EITHER DOING OR PLANS TO DO FOR THE COUNTRY"  I / WE  SUPPORT HIM. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HIM FIRST GET TO THE WHITE HOUSE; WHICH IS THE  FOREMOST IMPORTANT OF ALL.
I got kicked off Facebook for posting meme about Hillary Clinton
Sandy Hoax
You're the tip of the benis.
Hmm........Trump should break the case wide open.......shhhhh.........he's playing along until January 20th..........then on the 21st  "The Great Purge" commences !!!
Good luck, Alex, I hope you find the truth. Please, be our Perry Mason.
I got kicked off Facebook for posting a damn about Hillary Clinton which showed no nudity
OK, my 2 cents on Sandy Hook. Police botched this. BADLY. The timelines that have been given come straight from the media timelines. 
 I would never say under any situation that no one died there that day. I will say that the lack of official publication of any death certificates is unusual. However the time of death on those certificates would not and will not match the police/media timeline. I believe this happened either earlier in the day and the coroner refused to go along with the official timeline  on time of death. 
 Do I believe an individual with a history of mental problems did kill children at Sandy Hook? Yes. Do I believe there was a coverup to protect the police department who botched the initial calls? YES! 
 This like many other cases of mass shootings was a person with mental illness and a cache of weapons.
https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/3599
Too bad Robert Stack isn't still alive. I can just hear the Unsolved Mysteries theme...now I'll have to sleep with the lights on just like when I was a kid.
Has anyone seen one single funeral for the Orlando fake victims?
Sandy Hook is being protected by the criminals who put the event together. We all owe it to the children who were used for this event to expose the truth as Wolfgang Halbig, Jim Fetzer and others have. 

Thanks Alex for taking the time to insert this topic back into everyone's consciousness. The establishment is scared to death that everyone will eventually see the truth about Sandy Hook and see that it was a staged FEMA mass shooting DRILL!

I long to see the day that Lenny Posner goes to jail.
I spent my day reading up on sandy hook, Then a new info wars about it! Excellent timing. 'Robbie Parker's' amazing acting makes me cringe so bad.
The main objective in this world seems to be deception. Everything we have been taught since we were young seems to be a lie. crazy crazy shit going on here.
Grumbling Jone$ NEVER has final words on anything !
heres the one way to debunk this, google earth, or get some satellite photos of sandy hook, if the way back machine traffic matches up somebody has a lot to damn answer for. I figured that the school was closed, now someone just has to dig, put all the peices together give it to wikileaks and drop it nuke style. This was part of the push to take guns out of our hands, too late that ship sailed obozo communist!
well what else was going on in the world that "they" didn't want us to know about?
Hey, Alex. You need to start covering the alien disclosure. Putin is pushing for disclosure. These "aliens" are fallen angels & demons. Don't let the people be deceived.
I'm a crook and going to jail search THE NEW ADAM (WHY LENNY WANTS YOU TO DIE) Documentary (Part 1)
Sandy Hoax.
There is absolutely no reason to puzzle over the Sandy Hook 'shootings', unless, that is, you can force yourself to credit the likes of David 'Sloppy Sniper' Wheeler and Gene 'Plush Toys' Rosen, etc. It did not happen as reported and there is no further need to look into it, except on the part of police and district attorneys, in order to round up and charge everyone who participated, up to and including the president of the United States, Barack Obama, and the former Attorney General thereof, Eric Holder.
FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE!!!!! THIS HAPPENED 2 WEEKS AFTER THIS MUSLIM PIG TRIED TO BAN AR-15'S!
Many more children drown in swimming pools than get shot..
Look up the crisis actor who was part of the swat team and then also a grieving parent
Trump's CIA guy wants to murder Snowden, what does Alex think about that?.
The Local people would know if the school was even being used.  I read it was all moldy ..  Isn't one of the Sandy Hook Mothers on Hillary Clinton's staff ?
They are doing this recent stuff to prevent a second term.

It didn't work the first time ;)
Wtf eating lunch around dead people that's the last place I'd ever eat .
END THE FED
want to bypass Google & Yahoo blacklisting -- Download Yandex Browser. and use yandex search eng 
Yandex.com
We need to hold these NWO traitor's feet to the fire until we blow the lid off this mass conspiracy. Literally THOUSANDS of treasonous traitors in our nation need to be convicted. We need to END THE FED
No one died at Sandy Hook.
sandy hoax. 9/11 hoax. holocaust hoax.

:) you can do it alex....... or are u afraid of jews?
Also Judge Napolitano called Orlando Coronors Office asking how many deaths were recorded on that weekend.  NONE.
Why would a president sign in to law in 2009 a law that you cannot hold any one in government, liable for false or fake news casts. WHY! MAYBE SANDY HOOK
Sand Hook was a hoax.  Orlando pulse was definitely a hoax.  Dallas was either a hoax or a false flag.  And, most recent "terrorist" attacks have been false flags/hoaxes.
Watch Barry Soetoro he leaves little doubt.  Sloppy sniper and distraught father played by. the same actor.
alex....what ever happened with that shooting at the voting booth on november 8th in california? Haven't heard a word about it since the story broke. another false flag? to scare voters?
Actors, father smiles and laughs did not know camera was on, portable toilets hrs before brought in for them, documents all sealed, whole town not talking, all had to sign disclosure, yea I will say fake
Sandy Hook - Comet Ping Pong - #PizzaGate 
It's a bizarro world out there.
Compare Sandy Hook to an actual school shooting of children in Scotland at Dunblane.... ENDLESS images of children, a whole village of people known to the children... living siblings of children, real grieving parents... actual death certs... the whole 9 yards, nothing fake.  Sandy Hook is a fabricated lie.
BOOM, thank u alex!!!!!
that was a thinly veiled message to President TRUMP
I won't accept that the Sandy Hook massacre happened until it is proven.

Residents of Newtown should be ashamed of themselves for not exposing this hoax. People lived near that school and if there were no students attending it, we need to know.
Mainstream media has zero credibility
Every crisis shooting since the kenyan usurped the potus was staged along with all terrorist attacks with the single purpose to have hitlery take guns from every law abiding legal citizen of the u.s. And to arm the ilegals and arabs to finish what the kenyan started along with bush sr, klinton, bush jr. Obama, this was really Americas last chance do not get lax now.
Very disappointed with the appointment of Jeff Sessions, for AG!

He's a Rhino, Sandy Hook will never be addressed!

911 will never be properly addressed, and the police State will continue to grow!

And a direction of fascist agenda!

FEMA will not be addressed, it's a problem, because Jeff Sessions was in office, on 911, and is an establishment hack!

He is not going to pressure Harry Reid, on public lands and Mining scandals!

He will not call out Soros and Nancy  Piglosie!

Very disappointed!
Turning around a major psychological operation like Sandy Hook would be quite a feat.  Full exposure and jail for the perps please.
It was a total Hoax ! 100% fake
They all are acting suspicious as hell.
where are the parents and siblings of the Sandy Hook children... where are the children who knew the children who supposedly died?  There is such a void that means the questions will never stop, and will never go away.
You Know I Live In Ct Only Heard About Through My AA Meeting and Local Rock and Roll Station Up in Brookfield Ct I95 Wrki Broke This Story!!!!!Yes It Is True That 27 Poor Childern Died And Yes The Guy Got Those Guns From A Dealer Leaglly!!!!! But Your So Right On There Was Some Fake People That Were Interviewed And The Ct State Police Gave The Truthful Report From Colnel Head Of The State Police!!But Why Cover The Whole Thing Up Ok Did You Know There Was 8.4 Millon Dollars That Were Donated Victums To Familes From Around The Country But As Far As I Know Some Did Take It Some Didn't Take It But Here Is My Question Were Did The Rest Of That Money Go Or Was That Unknown To This Day?????? Something Just Does Add Up Right!!!!!!
Tore school down just like the towers to DESTROY EVIDENCE. School wasn't being used. NOBODY BELIEVES THIS HOAX. 
Never did ban guns....did they! Made a very nice profit on my SWHC and RGR stocks. I'll bet THEY DID ALSO!
yes yes yes, I'm so looking forward to the truth that we know you will undoubtedly find
Thats some jfk quality bs right there.
This is eye-opening and frightening. Thank you Alex for clarifying some things during this video. Thank God for President Trump. Keep praying for his safety!!
it's all fake
Doesn't this get a lot deeper with Lanza's dad?  It was a hoax, obvious one at that.  And Alex maybe you should just double down on the truth, and forget backlash from Trump.  Instead, tell trump if he hires one more swamp creature into his cabinet, you are going to do your job.
sandy hook was an experiment.. did you succeed or fail? you failed...
I think it was a false flag and there was deaths. These people dont mind at all killing people, they actually enjoy it, so I dont think any of these things that have happened have been stage to the point of faking killings.
Sandy Hook was staged.
I hope im wrong but Maybe it was a cover up for THEIR(global elites) murders? i dont even want to explain myself...its sickening to think about...hopefully im wrong
goto Barry soetoro YouTube.  he has it solved I believe. sandy hook game over.    Remember sloppy sniper?  fbi agent carring a ar15 by the magazine?  lmao its 100% bs gun grab. go to barrys soetoros channel
msm  = fake news dump cable you pay for lies
poe's law anew,with a ted anderson prep script-
Anyone that has any kind of grasp on reality knows that the the Sandy Hook incident is a hoax in some capacity.
The school looking closed is that piece that I can't get over.
This was a false flag HOAX we ALL KNOW IT and THEY KNOW WE ALL KNOW IT!
There all lieing, even cops, if they are cops or actors.
infowars cant always be trusted either they are bought and paid for like CNN pushing out their own natative
That guy is a actor, the one it says is family of 6yr old victim speaks, watch him laughing as he walks to the microphone, and changed to being sad with tears, what a joke guys, it was a false flag against guns and shooting.
I'm a super hero and I will help you expose these fucks.  I am untouchable they fear me cuz I was a professional cyclist.  I took down lance armstrong and these cunts are some hillary clinton pussy eaters.
The only thing that died at Sandy Hook was sloppy sniper David Wheeler's acting career.  In the immortal words of Connecticut State Medical examiner Dr. Wayne Carver  "I hope this doesn't all come crashing down on NEWTOWN's head".  This hoax will not go unexposed.  The U.S. Attorney General (at the time of the hoax) Eric Holder openly stated that the goal of the Obama administration was to "brainwash people into thinking about guns in a vastly different way."  And lets not forget about the 911 call made by Robbie Parker, claiming to be outside the school listening as the shooting was allegedly taking place, but no gunfire can be heard on the 911 tape.  The next day when speaking to reporters at the above mentioned news conference, Parker (who is like most of the principles of this event a struggling actor)  claims to have been at work at a hospital across town when he got a phone call telling him about the shooting. During that same news conference, crisis actor Robbie Parker was able to repeatedly promote his facebook page, where folks could donate "to help raise money for Emily".  (a facebook page that was mysteriously created a few days before the shooting ever took place).  And how about the Newtown School Board having no records of any children from their school system going to the Super Bowl two months later to perform the National Anthem. Oddly enough, all the children at the Super Bowl introduced as the "Newtown School Choir" looked amazingly similar to the photographs of the allegedly dead children, only they looked like they were several years older.  And let's not forget Noah Pozner,  who had the misfortune of not only being listed as a victim of the Sandy Hook hoax, but was also shown to be a victim of the school shooting at Peshawar Pakistan two years later. Go figure?
I will bet the farm this was a psyop.  Of course those of us who called bullshit in the months after it happened were crucified by everyone.  Hell yes it is a big cover-up.  It is past time we get to the bottom of it and prosecute those involved who took money to jerk our chains.
After I shoot these liars in the balls with my arrow i will put it on a grill and feed it to my boxer.
My goal in life is to put a arrow through an illumanti ball sack.
Oh man Alex be careful
Absolute false flag
Look the insurance companies are banning self defense dogs, and take guns.  I hate guns had a Glock 9 to my temple.  So I use a BOW AND ARROWS.  Breed Boxers, and get bows and arrows and make them with the exploding tips.
It's because they saw the numbers come in after that faked event and it caused a boom in supposed conspiracy theorists. Their plan backfired and wasn't well executed.
Sandy Hook was a false flag.
I totally believe it.  Let me tell you people are sheep.  Fucking cowards trying to win.  Winning doesn't matter you fucking idots, TRUE LOVE IS OURSELVES.
If anyone actually believes sandy hook took place is mentally retarded.
Couple bubble butts and lines of coke will make anyone lie
Infowars is a fake channel. Pathetic channel
I will show you what waterboard is like and I will surf on your nose as you lie to CNN.
Alex, you should have NEVER "moved on" from this story . . . it's just too disturbing and involves too many Government Officials.  Wolfgang Halbig has been bullied into submission, and he was the leading figure in the effort to investigate Sandy Hoax.
Let's find these liars and seek them out and burn hundred dollar bills on their eyeballs.
He would be coming in the room preparing to go in front of a large group of reporters and live television to talk about his dead kid...!  He would come in the room somber and it would take a lot longer than 15 seconds to prepare for that shit!!! Use your sixth sense people... something's up!
The only thing that died over the Sandy Hook event was the traitors (all involved +Holder and obama's) anti-gun agenda
Go Alex! Down with the establishment!
Well played Alex. I was one of those pissed at you for seemingly abandoning Wolfgang. Now I see your strategy and your timing. Very wise. Very impressive. Ive been saying O'Keefe Snowden and Massage deserve a ticker tape parade, well I was remiss in not including ole Wolfgang. Poor brave fella. And also in the parade, you and all your brave team. Of course everyone will need the alternative news version of a bulletproof Pope mobile. :D
thanks
I wouldn't be standing here today if I wasn't in touch with my gut feeling. My gut is telling me that those wikileaks that assange still has that at"50×" worse than what has been released, those emails disclose that Soros/DNC has been behind all of the shootings since Columbine. Something tells me Alex has seen these emails and he's talking the Trump momentum and gunning for these false flags.
if you don't like this you think winning matters and you are a clown take that thumbs down and try sticking it up your ass after a line of drugs ooops too late
if hillary and trump can work together and bring us together. wouldn't you think that's some shit? a million dollar question right?
Dr. James Fetzer has done great research on this topic. No one died.
Why has no network went back years later to do a Dateline type report?  They do that all the time with other tragedies.  With Sandy Hook, it's just been a virtual media blackout.
Nobody died at Sandy Hook,it was a hoax pulled on the American people...end of story.
Any person who has seriously looked into Sandy Hook knows it was a false flag. To say at this point that you are unsure, is to say your discernment is complete and utter shite!
AJ is right.  I mean all of it.  Been in denial for years, listening for years hearing him tell me to wake up.  Now, how in a liberal state, business owner, and a solid reputation in my county, how do I get this out.  Not talking about sharing videos, but the little conversations, I appreciate your help guys
Hoax.
according to some news agencies there was a child actress from a show called "The voice" who died in the orlando shooting, a man that looks just like adam lanza spoke to abc news and identified himself as the victim's brother. his face matched the picture perfectly. the actress's name is Christina Grimmie, her brothers name is Marcus Grimmie. oh and one of the children died again in the Army Public School in Peshawar, Pakistan. coincidence? i think not..
Please get to the bottom of this Alex. This and Orlando, they're hiding major evidence from us, and why? What's the point of hiring actors to get on the news unless it didn't happen the way they say?
If it's not fake, his nose is likely the result of P-Frame error during Compression given the poor quality.

What if it was real, but like the Portland, they used actors to try to make it seem worse.
This needs to be investigated I watched the live feed the day it happened and thought it was fishy from the lies about the shooters to the type of weapons used and how strange the parents and others acted on the interviews.
yes they should how many kids had to die because of the news stupidity
What I don't get is why if it is all staged in order to ban and confiscate firearms how come they haven't done shit? They haven't ban anything congress couldn't even pass a watered down background check bill.
That is so sad people staging something like SH event, not just bad actors, but criminals! Now, seeing the facts, the god thing is... NO KIDS DIED AT THE EVENT!
sandy hook is like 9/11....the evidence of false flag is off the charts in your face. tons of details and factoids blowing huge holes in the scam.
Sandy Hook Caravan to Midnight did an excellent investigation. False Flag.
Explain how Noah Pozner's photo showed up in Pakistan?
Look, Alex look! If there is something to find now is the time.
It was a false flag so was Orlando and Nice .On you tube enter name then hoax and make your own mind up I have . Alex come on the evidence on Sandy Hook is over whelming,the school was officialy closed that day,all the mortgages were paid of at midnight christmas eve , federal records showed deaths for that day as 0 for Sandy Hook .
Alex YOU NAILED IT...EXCELLENT !!!***Keep your foot right on their JUGULAR***Mercy!!!
No evidence of any ambulances taking the wounded to the hospital, and especially no evidence of medivacs/medical helicopter ambulances. The children would have been taken to the hospital if there were children who were really shot.  It doesn't make sense that the on-scene, first responders decided the children were dead and therefore not take them to the hospital in either case.   But, there were port-a-potties and a sign-in sign put there by the DHS. At least at the fake Orlando shooting they carried fake wounded down the street to make it look like people were shot and being taken to the hospital. And you have Robbie Parker who does not have the emotion whose daughter and many of her classmates were just murdered (fake emotions, real obvious).  NO EVIDENCE ANYBODY DIED AT SANDY HOOK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. No death certificates, no bodies for the public to verify. Why should we ever believe the mainstream media, even as this last election has showed us.
PAPA TRUMP UNCOVER THESE RATS
can't wiki leaks debunk this bogus story
Many more kids lost to big pharma.
The FBI reported no school shootings for that year !
Too many of these events are hoaxes. 
Marathon bombings, Dylan Roof, Virginia WDBJ Shooting, Orlando, Aurora ect ect.
Search for "Crisis Actors" on YouTube or Google and you will see.
still talking about this???
You say you are going to really investigate, are you ready for the answers? let me know... you are repeating debunked memes.. and I debunked you earlier today before you published this.
it's trippy to know that this was fake. It played out right before our eyes. Now they do so much fake shit that we can't even keep up to investigate.
SandyHook is a hoax in it's entirety!!! The faked the entire thing!!!
MSM LIES. Support 2nd amendment
Thank you Alex.  I'm in California, and each time they spontaneously take away our rights just because they hate firearms, and Sandy Hook is on the back of each of these laws,  THATS WHY IT"S IMPORTANT!!! IF they were just going to scam people and take their money, fine.  I don't care.  Go off and be a thief, make your children lie to the nation just for money.  It's on you.  But when you keep taking our rights away, we aren't going to stop until Sandy Hook is exposed.  So if you want us to stop, (I'm talking to the Sandy Hook perpetrators now) then you stop pushing these anti-2nd-amendment laws.
Changed his attitude I see. Man just lay down before they lay you down. You are finished!!
Alix you are a fucking #infowars machine! Keep up the resistance Alix. You have an army of infowarriors with you! #NeverHillary #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #AmericaFirst
I  bet $10 bucks it has something to do with Obama's deceiving gun grab tactics!
Ok going share on facebook. Start your investigation Alex. Ill visit your store and buy something to help you guys out. Looks like good products anyways.That never added up to me either. And im not the type to really look into things like sandy hook. After this media crap they pulled I tend to believe something REALLY BIG is going on there. Semper Fi
let's just get rid of the second Amendment already it doesn't have any purpose anymore
Mass Hoax
I hope people keep the heat on this topic and continue to investigate it. I have a feeling that it will all unravel for the whole world to see, as if most of us don't already know it was a giant hoax.
If you really are going after what happened at Sandy Hook give Wolfgang Halbig all the support he needs...
how about Lanza father working for GE. THE BUSH MASTER IN HIS CAR, AND IT VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR AN ARTISTIC KID 120LBS USED A SEMI AUTO GUN THAT THEY FOUND IN THE CAR
how about Lanza father working for GE. THE BUSH MASTER IN HIS CAR, AND IT VIRTUALLY IMPOSSIBLE FOR AN ARTISTIC KID 120LBS USED A SEMI AUTO GUN THAT THEY FOUND IN THE CAR
They tape is looped you fool, no one went in circles.
Look for the psychiatric connection in school violence. Just about every shooter had been seeing a psych and/or taking dangerous psychotropic drugs.
You messed up Alex, Keith Johnson debunked this Sandy Hoaxer BS.
noticed Alex conveniently forgot USS Liberty (MOSSAD , KSA),93 WTC BOMBING( CIA, SAUDI ARABIA, MOSSAD) , OKC BOMBING (CIA, ATF,MOSSAD),USS COLE(CIA, EGYPT , MOSSAD)
Makes me wonder about the TITANIC.
So Sandy Hook was a big ponzi scheme. This false flag event took in almost 1 billion dollars. Maybe they said "if this fake event doesn't get the guns, then we'll make lots of money out of it."
get'em alex!
Time to really wake up people.  Nice analysis and info Alex.  Two words "false flag"
Thank you
well now isn't that some strange behavior from a grieving parent.

i still dunno but there's definitely something very wrong with the world if that shooting was staged, just the audacity of using a tragedy like that... but how do they keep all these actors quiet and what about their real families and friends, why don't they come forward and call bullshit on it?
A.J please tell Trump not to hire Romney.
Awesome report! Loved the plot twist at the end.
Is there any proof Sandy Hook was a false flag ?
We live on a flat earth
HOAX, DETERMINED THAT DAYS AFTER THIS EVENT WAS STAGED.
$$$ follow the money
But Hillary said you were a real sicko for thinking sandi hook was fake. yhstbus her assessment. Your a sicko to make a vid like this she says.
Info Wars Fake News outlet closing soon
What about your wife alex?
SANCTION "George Soros" see how long he lasts
Hamlet: Me thinks you protest to much.
so did they fake it but actually kill kids?
The very fact that the town shut all information down, the school was not even open for years,the governor in that state must have known about this cover up!
Anyone who studies the work done by Wolfgang Halbig concerning Sandy Hook (and there are many other investigators who've conducted extensive reviews of the evidence), can't but conclude this event was staged. I believe this fraud can and ultimately will be traced back to the Obama White House. I sincerely hope People support Mr Halbig in his bid to launch a lawsuit against the Federal Government to finally expose the  Sandy Hook hoax and it's perpetrators. This work goes hand in hand with President elect Trump's promise to "drain the swamp" as it will shine light onto the globalists' intent to disarm the American public to make it much easier for them to be subdued. Sandy Hook was and is an attack on the second amendment, and it must be exposed as such - and the sooner the better. Further, I implore Alex to assign staff to compile a comprehensive review of the available research to finally expose Sandy Hook for the fraud it is - resplendent with crisis actors, complicit MSM staged scenes, massive Newtown, Conn. coconspirators  - bought and paid for townspeople, local police, state police, FBI, school board officials, state authorities, and Federal authority involvement - an event as heinous in its inception and execution as was 9/11. In fact, an event which goes hand in hand with 9/11 as a further step towards the ultimate demise of democracy in the USA.
Thought crimes.
Thank you.
Not one ambulance went to the parking lot of the Sandy Hook School
Where are the children's death certificates, graves, pictures, what funeral home did the services? People have searched state wide and found nothing.
wow whats the evidence pearl harbor was a false flag??? never heard you talk about that.
I love that old CNN one, I seen it live at the time and I remembered thinking it looked like a comedy sketch
How do we have video footage of Columbine and we have no footage of Sandy Hook?
The date of this shooting Dec 14 2012..that is 12/14/2012 is 1+2+1+4+2+0+1+2 = 13 Wow..that is an illuminati number n signals a code to somebody.????
I discovered ya'll when they were coming for the guns after Aurora (which I thought was fishy), then especially after Sandy Hook. I've been listening ever since. Keep up the good work
Can someone please explain why there were 27  Christmas trees before the shooting and after they claimed each tree represented a victim so how did they know before the shooting that there would be 27 victims let me tell you it's all fake a false flag.
Breitbart - [ Man Admits Lying About ‘Trump Country Lynching’ Hate Crime Report ]
Watch some of the videos exposing the so called “actor” in tactical gear but WITH OUT the proper “FBI” lettering on his chest. Not only is this clown trying desperately to avoid being seen on camera, but he’s carrying his [possibly fake rifle] by the magazine!  And, he’s dragging the shoulder strap on the ground, with the weapon pointed [upside down] at  other people !  Then he shows up later with another “actor”- supposedly his “wife” claiming to be parents that lost a child !
Come on!
I Never Studied Sandy Hook..Time For A New PROJECT..
You keep kicking the dead horse called " sandy hook"  you will become the turd in Trump's punch bowl !
I strongly hope we find out who is really behind some of these school shootings. The real ones. And than hang them from the highest pole!!!
7:41:  Why would he address the school shooting that took his child away in third person?! 
"...Lost a child here in the Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting, here in Connecticut..."
If Trump wants to really shake things up. Expose this!!
He had body armor tons of extra ammo and he had ashbergers. Have you seen this kid he might be 90 pounds soaking wet.
Sandy hook total and utter hoax.
Sandy Hoax 100% fake
The Charleston church shooting definitely was planned out by the government so they can take down monuments and destroy history! Spread the truth!
30 YEAR MEDIA BAN ON PORT ARTHUR STORY SO WE FORGET FREE COUNTRY AUSTRALIA BULLCRAP FREE SPEECH BULLCRAP THATS A MEDIA BAN IF WE GO 3KM OVER 50 KM FINED AND DEMERIT POINTS COULD LOSE LICENSE PRECIOUSE FEW JOBS AND SOME CARS MAYBE OUT OF CALLIBRATION IM A MECHANICAL ENGINEER FULLY QUALIFIED BUT LEGAL MEDS NEALLY KILLED ME AND I CANT WORK I LOVED WORK WE ALL KNOW MARTYN BRYANT WAS SICK  BUT HIS FRIEND DESCRIBES HIM AS HARMLESS AND COULDNT SHOOT A GUN TO SAVE HIMSELF HE WAS VERY WAS SICK ALREADY EVERYONE KNOWS HE WAS A PERFECT TARGET THESE EVIL PSYCHOLOGICAL UNION SHOCK TROOPS DESIGNED LIKE JFK I WASNT BORN BUT I DONT BELIEVE THESE WESTERN LEADERS I PRAY FOR YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONES ALEX YOU A GOOD MAN I HOPE HA HA LOL WOULD LOVE TO MEET YOU ITS A SICK WORLD KEEP FIGHTING THE  GOOD FIGHT AND GOD HELP AS NYONE WHO LOST A CHILD I HAVE HE ONLY SURVIVED FOR 12 MINS BUT TERRIBLY SAD I GOT PUT ON MEDICATION AND HAD A 100KM HEAD ON TO ANOTHER 100KM  CAR ACCIDENT IM LUCKY IM ALIVE I GUESS I SHOULD BE HAPPY TO BE HERE AND WATCH THE MOTHER EARTH OR THIS PLANE DENSITIES RAISE TO FROM LEVEL4 TO A LEVEL 5 I JUST SICK OF 4TH DINENSIONAL ANIMALS FEEDING THIER REPTILLIAN ANIMAL INSTINCTS THATS ALL JUST TRICKS AND MEDIA  CONTROL I WANT TO SPREAD A PEACEFUL WORD TO AUSTRALIANS NOT HEAPS OF BIBLE BUT TO STOP THIS ROAD RAGE OVER STIMULATED IM 33 IVE ALWAYS HAD A LOT OLDER FRIENDS BUT ITS MY GENERATION AND DOWN GETTING WORSE SINCE THEY LIVING THROUGH A DEPRESSION THEY NEED JOBS STOP DESPERATION ITS ONLY PAPER BUT THEY'LL DO ANYTHING SOME PEOPLE
Zero death certificates. Zero. You know the things that have been public for the last hundred years..
ALEX has made his POV very clear that he believes Sandy hook was a hoax and that no one died there...  He is lying about it now!
Drill.
I see you left out the USS Liberty being attacked...!
Dallas was also fake.
if only you used this much evidence and were this reasonable in all your videos instead of rambling about demons and space alien life extending texhnology people might take you more seriously.
nice, Munich, San Bernardino Orlando, Boston are all fake. if it's main stream news it's fake. period
The truth is there were no murders. Look at FBI records. FBI keeps stats for every city and town. The FBI s own stats for that year for Newtown showed NO MURDERS. IF IT HAPPENED WHY ARE THERE NO MURDERS REPORTED. Now what the hell are kids doing at Super Bowl only difference is they were the same kids that were killed just older. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to catch this. Then I seen a video with Gene the old guy at a DHS picnic in Texas the year prior to. It was fake. Trump has also done something else  good how long has it been since last mass shooting false shooting? Months we had them coming every month seems like they stopped lol must be full moon. I just find it funny.
there was a camera at the entrance to sandy hook school. I wanna see that pencil walk in. I don't wanna see some random window shot out
One of the first things Hitler did when he got into power was to take everybody's guns away from them .... he didn't do it for peace as we all know....
Hitlers gun law never got changed back and got even stricter and now they are talking about making the laws even more strict in Europe so that lawful people can't get a gun at all really while the criminals and terrorists with access to the black market can get anything they want.

Besides....you don't need a gun to massacre people....there are 1000 ways. A large knife in the left hand and a small Axe or machete in the right is extremely effective at short distance and you don't have to reload.... to me the gun laws hurt law abiding people instead of helping them.
Thank you.. You are much better when you more calm
Sandy Hookers
Who knows what the hell happened, we may never really know for sure.
i assumed it was fake when they said the kids got hit with 223 but the AR was found in his car.
Shameful President..Not sure what the real agenda was here still
If it did in fact actually happen was a demonic sacrifice. However, I think it was a Hoax myself. 
It never happened, the parents of those children acted awfully odd, just saying.
I had no idea about this conspiracy , i may have to look into this some more , maybe trump can bring the truth of these events to the surface!
5:50 The moon landing wasn't fake because the soviet govt. never questioned it.
This video makes him an accessory to a crime
GUYS COME ON. THEY BURNED DOWN THE SHOOTERS HOME AND DESTROYED THE SCHOOL FOR CRYING OUT LOUD. WHO DOES THAT IN A NORMAL SCHOOL SHOOTING CASE?
it was total bogus nobody but the poor patsy died
Barack Obama AND Eric Holder, came into office with an active agenda, to portray guns in a negative light.....
Under Barack Obama, these types of shootings skyrocketed. (Or at least false flag fake versions of these types of shootings).
Its all an active agenda to "Create the problem, so that they can present you with there own solution", and there solution is to take your guns....
David wheeler was a swat team member one day then the next the father of a fake murdered child sandy hoax was a complete joke
Gene Rosen = Crisis Actor
Alex, it's really cool your being open and honest about this. PLEASE do the same for 911. I've heard you back off on it lately  and say that it was "Saudi Terrorists" and that our government "stood down." 

You know as well as I do that the Bush Administration planted charges and blew up the towers. It was a controlled demolition of all three towers, created by the Neo-Cons like the Project for A New American Century.
#pizzagate
anyone notice that there's like 5 really good war "propaganda" movies out there now its like there programming kids to register for a new war.
The Satanic Network in that town; with a tunnel network below it, probably kidnapped them all to rape & snuff them.

But of course the FBI, like most of this pretty-surfaced/rotted-core world, is absolutely inept and/or corrupt and virtually useless.

This is why a Vegan Elite faction need to close the curtain on this retarded freak show of idiots called humanity once and for all.
you fat mother fucker you say it was a false flag event you lying ass hole
complete hoax school was not even open total fake just like Boston and Orlando
jaw dropping
great work by the independent investigators on this!
Anything can be used to kill people, ban everything in 2016!!!
IF YOU ARE NOT A Brain Washed Zombie Sheep, who thinks that fluoride water tastes better with the kool laid in it. Then check out my main YouTube channel"Psychology Wiz". If you like topics like how to detox chemicals out of your body, medicinal/edible plants, brain washing/manipulation, hacking/modding, and or hopefully much more as time goes on then please subscribe to my Channel's "Frank Costello" and "Psychology Wiz". I really need your support. I am not making money, I am not selling anything nor do my videos have advertisement. I merely volunteer my free time to telling the truth about topics that possibly could be the reason i have my life taken away someday. So I need your support so I know I am not alone because I am new to this and need to know I am not risking my life for nobody to benefit from it. So Subscribe and some day I will go fully Anonymous make a new YouTube Channel and explain everything some day when I am a Professional. When and where somewhere in the woods probably i will explain everything from making DMT to learning how to survive without society's help and even others things I think someone would need to know. like how to tell if someone is trying to manipulate you.
There is only one greater threat than gun control.  Currency control.  Especially when we talk cashless society.  Once cashless, the powers that be can conrol and track every single thing we purchase and turn off our abiity to live if we don't do EVERYTHING they say.

Of course they will say "we won't do that", which we know always ens up happening.  Patriots will NEVER let tis happen, and attempts to do so is an instant act of war.
Yo alex, what are your thoughts on the holocaust? I want to know.
i beleive it all i have talked to eye witnesses from Australia we lost our guns that day martyn bryant spoke as jamie his alter ego that shameful day i have researched for years and these guys could be innocent but hypnotized thsts innocent the shock psych troops from world wide psychologist union  damn jesus walk with us prtect us and our loved ones with the holy spirit surround us protect us in this lifetime and the next thank you thank you thank you
It's funny they be the fake news god hates hypocrisy! That's 2 things. Love them in doubles
Alex beats leeann and his kids with her.
Dr Steve Pieczenik said no kids were killed.
THEY DID IT JUST TO SEE IF THEY COULD GET AWAY WITH IT FOR FUTURE! SO THEY CAN STAGE MASS SHOOTINGS BACK TO BACK TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE WE NEED MARTIAL LAW.
NO ONE DIED AT SANDY HOOK ! The building had not been used since 2006 for classes. But most OBVIOUSLY...the building was flooded during Hurricane Sandy...the first week of Nov. in 2012....the photographic evidence is clear...backed up by news paper reports of storm damage in Sandy Hook.
I thought that it was proven when HRC called out Alex during the debate.  She put her little claw to her heart and made a comment about how black someone's heart must be (sic), while her body language indicated it was HERS. 
When she mentioned Sandy Hook, I thought that was the tip off that it was a fake.  She can't tell the truth about anything, and has no empathy or sympathy, so it had to have been a fake incident.  Sofia Smallstorm and Wolfgang Halbig, among a few, have deconstructed the story and presented evidence.  As soon as 'news' breaks and the stories start changing and morphing it is a clue that it is a mind F(*
You mean Sandy Hoax .
One of your best Alex. Great job !
I hate gov. Dannel malloy
YOU GO ALEX...INVESTIGATE IT MORE! GET THE TRUTH.
It is a very, very strange case. They all appear to be acting. The school was destroyed almost immediately afterwards, so was Adam's house. 
With all that's come to light, after this election, I wouldn't be surprised if they did fake Sandy Hook, in an attempt to further clamp down on firearms. They thought that the public would be absolutely outraged by the mass slaughter of children, and would volunteer their guns for destruction. 
If they did indeed fake it, I can't imagine how difficult that would be to coordinate. They would have to keep everyone involved quiet, permanently. It would be a massive, indefinite, logistical undertaking.
Maybe Trump... as President... could open up some of this bullshit deception like Sandy Hook.   911... maybe a few others.
sandy hoax
SLOOPY SNIPER @ SH...MOAR PROOF!!!!!!
Complete Hoax.
sick fuckin world ,......
Thank you Alex.
Not to mention the actors... Foley's sister or whom ever she was... Sandy Hook... then the beheading relative sister?  both the same woman... then the kid.. that died at Sandy Hook then again overseas in another school.  That alone tells me S. Hook was nothing more than a gun grab scheme by Obama & Crew.  And if that's true... heads should roll no mater how much time passes.  I hate being deceived and lied too.
Sandy Hook .... strangest thing I've ever looked into.  It makes absolutely no sense.
All mass shooting can be prevented if their were others with guns that could've nuetilized the threat. Banning gun from law abiding individuals just puts targets on all of US.
I've heard you say, "the moon landings did happen they just messed with the photos, because they didn't know if they would work on the moon." so which is it Alex? Just wondering?
SANDY HOOK WAS A HOAX! Why didn't police storm the building? fucking the system.
david wheeler
That was a powerful broadcast!
hmm definitely something fishy going on.
Sandy hook = fake news 101.

Now you know.
Also there was a cop who went missing who was assigned to a unit investigating sandy hook.
Great video.
Sandy hook colors were the purple just like Soros/Clinton purple revolution!
They proposed laws to silence skeptics. Almost like europes laws for HOLOCAUST revisionists. BUT THE HOLOCAUST REALLY HAPPENED......
all of the false flags should be re investigate - graves should be dug up - haha - it will be real funny to see them get busted
Nothing happened!! Sandy Hook and many other "shootings" were set up for people like Hillary to shout about them from the rooftops and abolish our guns. Now that she can't be our president it all went for not, or did it?!
Where is the proof to back up the "official" claims? Sorry but there are so many anomalies surrounding this event, it just doesn't add up. That isn't the fault of those of us asking simple questions.
CNN should be sued out of existence they are the biggest deception to the American people in history
watch this video u will lose your shit :3 this is good
i told you about MARTYN BRYANT ELECTRO SHOCKED SINCE CHILDHOOD PSYCHOLOGICALLY DAMAGED ON PURPOSE  2 SHOOTERS AT PORT ATHUR POLICE ALL HAD DAY OFF 2 POLICE LEFT WERE RANG AND TOLD OF A LB OF HEROIN IN A WELL THAT LEAD THEM AWAY SO THAT EVEN THE SOGS EVEN SAWV2 SHOOTERS MARTYN BRYANT WAS CRAZY  BUT HE COULDN'T  TRAVEL THAT DISTANCE IN THAT TIME AND ALSO HE COULDNT SHOOT HIS FRIEND SAYS AND A MILITARY TRAINED SHOOTER GOT 29HEAD SHOTS AND FROM HIS HIP TOTAL PROFFESSIONAL MARTYNS BAG WASNT BIG ENOUGH FOR AN AR15 I THINK IT WAS BUT I NOW HIS FRIEND SAYS HE COULDNT SHOOT AND MY GIRLFRIENDS AUNTY WAS LIKE THE ONLY SURVIVER IN THERE SHE TELLS FAMILY SHOOTER HAD RED HAIR SHE ACTED DEAD BUT THE MEDIA TRICKED HER AND THEN PUT A 30 YEAR MEDIA BAN. AND SANDY HOOKS WHO JUST SHOOTS INNOCENTS
I think it's 100% a staged event to get the gun control laws passed.
alex we love how you show the fake sandy hook.  BARRY SOETORO   exposes sandy hook must watch  must watch must watch
I love that fake CNN footage of scud missile attacks.  One anchor puts a gas mask on, the other dufus puts a helmet on can't strap it and gives up.  Yeah look at some other FAKED EVENTS.  Gulf of Tonkin Incident admitted it was fake, nearly 70,000 Americans DIED because of that LIE,.  Operation Northwoods where we made plans to shoot our own citizens.  Sandy Crook stinks folks, it stinks because it's phony.  Gun Control would stop at Nothing to advance their agenda.  They are worried about when the Financial house of Cards comes down we still have guns.
Fake as Hell !
absolutely no one died there. Even the so called shooter has a death certificate on a different day. I have been by Sandy Hook. Why do you think everyone got their houses paid off by our taxes. It was so fake. Notice they didn't fight the issue.
this is the infowars I subscribed to
Ask President Elect Trump to Post an Investigation Team.
It was a Gladio operation.
Thank you Alex. Expose Sandy Hook for the Hoax that it is!
Government sponsored propaganda.
I couldn't agree more. Mr. Halbig has been running into wall after wall when asking even one simple question.
using sadny hook kids for emotional blackmail to take your guns is as sick as it gets...FACT
Alex do your kids watch your show.
All for "Justice & Resolution"!...Why?..."Contrived Drill & Money Laundering"!
fake shootings!
I wonder if all those billions and I think a trillion dollars that came up missing is being diverted to these types of ops?
If Robby Parker ain't real, then none of this shit is real.  That is literally theater(not video) training.  Video, they can jump up and down and act a fool, but theater you need to turn it on with breathing techniques.  You don't have time for full immersion.
10:40
Reminds me of the "plane debris" in Pennsylvania from 9/11, or the plane that hit the Pentagon, allegedly.
wasnt adam lanza dead the day before this took place anyway?
http://www.dcclothesline.com/2015/09/10/sandy-hook-hoax-6-signs-that-school-was-closed-before-massacre/
With Trump as President prepare for Alex to drop the conspiracy gimmick and try to be a typical talking head, he'll be a pundit on FOX before Trumps second term is over. Fucking schill who profits on the death of children. Fake tough guy as well.
02:20 for the sandy hook
boycott the radical left CNN start at 20 November.  please spread this
Let's see if the Conecticet state Police can protect George Soro against us Patriots, we all know he living on Conectiucet his house is there and all his grand children living there ,, you can hide but we all gonna find you ! the police are shit and they no gonna help you george Soro !
AR15 was never used only pistols.And they were not high powered .
Yeah SANDY CROOK is what it should be called.  Look at the pictures of the glass window that supposedly the police crawled through.  No officer would crawl through those glass shards, they would take their baton and finish breaking the glass to clean it up.  No emergency Helicopters dispatched, Emergency Helicopter Pilots said 1st time EVER they were told Not to come to a scene. FEMA holding a disaster drill that SAME DAY, where at Sandy hook of course.  FBI STATISTICS show NO DEATHS in 2012 in Sandy hook.  For you nonbelievers please read OPERATION Northwoods for information on what our Government will do.
I might have believed all the proganda, but never, would I believe a parent would not insist on seeing their dead child, regardless.
Sandy Hook was a hoax. No doubt about it. It is not a real event.
3rd. I will be the 1st to comment that Sandy Hook is one of the most incredible and insane hoax's ever constructed. There are so many credible journalists that have made documentaries about how this was a faked shooting. All you have to do is look up information on the parents of the children and the charities they now have. Like any conspiracy the number one thing you do is follow the money.
sandy hook is a hoax
I'm going to watch this later.
I'm going to watch GradeAUnderA now.
good job.
Nobody Died at Sandy Hook.

When I first saw people questioning the validity of the event, I thought they were nuts. I was curious though, so I looked and to my surprise, I came to the same conclusion. 

Sandy Hook was clearly coordinated as a drill between FEMA, Homeland Security and the CIA and promoted as a real event. Nobody died. It was a movie. FAKE. 

All one has to do is research Sandy Hook for 5 minutes and the cracks appear immediately. 

Gun Grabbing Idiots staging false flags to propagandize the masses into believing violent autistic kids can walk into a school and commit mass murder all by his lonesome. 

In addition, the FBI never listed any of the alleged children in their database of deaths for that year. 

Sandy Hook is a hoax. Nobody Died.
now I'm confused
Libtards getting triggered....all crying a river...LOLOL...
FUK THE CONNECTICET TROPPER POLICE ! you all gonna pay now Trump is gonna get you all ,,,,me is a Adam lover me :)
Like ZIka. It's all of a sudden not an issue. Just disappeared on its own after that dramatic warning. Heaven forbid we have to start looking at everything out of their mouths with skepticism.
It was a fucking hoax. Don't ever back down from these fucking assholes.
Alex just admit it you went full retard
Alex needs prayer just as much as anybody else.
HOAX!
Hello Patriots
I'm from Connecticut Clinton Connecticut and I never even heard of Sandyhook before the shooting happened
How come infowars deleted from record the picture of scene being set up?
Think AHEAD!
Ok, The American public!  What "R" Your  plans for "Post" Trump?  If "We the People" stand by,  America will be HIGH JACKED from beneath our very feet!  We The People Need To Know Where We Want To Be "Post Trump!"  Pass This On!  Stay Aware! AMERICA STAND TALL! Support TRUMP!
Inside job
Who caring what Connecticet Police say , we all know Adam the shooter is a Hot Boy and he is still alive ,,,,me loving 106 pound boy me :)
quick fast
Alex your always right
bills random kawaii=youtuber


suscribanse
2nd
first
