Frustrated, degraded, down before you're done
Rejection, depression, can't get what you want
You ask me how I make my way
You ask me everywhere and why
You hang on every word I say
But the truth sounds like a lie

Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes
Live to win, take it all, just keep fighting till you fall

Obsessive, compulsive, suffocate your mind
Confusion, delusions, kill your dreams in time
You ask me how I took the pain
Crawled up from my lowest low
Step by step and day by day
'Till there's one last breath to go

Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes
Live to win, take it all, just keep fighting till you fall

Day by day, kickin' all the way, I'm not cavin' in
Let another round begin, live to win
Yeah, live, yeah, win

Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes
Live to win, take it all, just keep fighting till you fall

Day by day, kickin' all the way, I'm not cavin' in
Let another round begin, live to win
Live to win
Live to win
Yeah, live, yeah, win
Sounds like generic 80's movie soundtrack music.  Love that guitar he's using.
paul stanley kiss
2017
Tibo inshape quelqu'un?
I was there
Did the old Paul even rehearse before this one?
i love it
Who is here because SkyDoesGaming sing this in almost all af his videos?  #SkyArmy
me😂
Je me retrouve ici grâce à bob
LIVE TO WIN
побори его заклинанием щекотка
AVE WYCC
Olpho
yo juego mobile legends (juego paracido al Lol pero en android)
y estoy en Maestro II, baje de Gran Meatro V, y esta cancion me inspiro a subir a gran maestro de nuevo 
Vamos que se puede
Did they never make an official music video for this song?
LIVE TO WIN!!!
south park
This drummer is the same from Vanessa Carlton Band?
qui est la a cause de laink et tera
Where was this performed ???
Who else listens to this while level grinding?
I pretty much play this song when I grind in any RPG
qui vient de bob lennon
rage orc ??!!!
Quelqu'un vient d'AlphaCast ici ? (super live d'ailleurs ...)
2:14  
- "A hope ?"
- "A chance .."
south park song!!!!!!!
his voice got really worse through the years.........
south park brought me here
Is that Professor Snape? R.I.P Professor Snape irl
крут как всегда
Fun fact: Paul Stanley was genetically engineered specifically to write and perform this song for South Park.
It would be great to hear this LIVE on the KISS Kruise VI.
Звучит и выглялит немного как Киркоров)
snape survive the friendzone becoming a rockstar
Is it Jessie on lead guitar who plays with Newsted nowdays?
Searched the title because of Motorhead.
#TiboInShape
#TeamShape
Rage Orc brought me here ;) but I also remember it from Southpark g
Ty rage orc
Rage orc?
Listen this song during my boxe session xD
Qui viens de TIboInshape ?
Gaveta ?
LOVE THIS SONG ?
WOHOOO
Paul Stanley is my best idol! His voice ... his stage presence ... the guy is incomparable! The best at it! Paul Stanley my master! Paul Stanley my inspiration! It's just the guy I am inspired!
Heard a short part of this song during another video here on Youtube. The part was just like 5 to 10 seconds long but I could immediately guess that this was Paul Stanley's voice. His voice might have changed over the decades but it's still easily recognisable.
How do you kill that which has no life? just train with this song!!!
This song makes me want to kill boars.
Vive Alphacast !
Me when i play xenoblade chronicles x
Just found some interesting trivia: one of Paul's favourite artists is the Bronx prodigy, singer/songwriter Laura Nyro, who he listens to "incessantly". Paul and Nyro are both of Jewish heritage and both attended the Manhattan High School of Music and Art: both were accepted for their art prowess, but ended up recording stars. Paul graduated in 1970, the same year Nyro was given special recognition by the High School for her success as a recording artist. Also, Paul co-wrote this song with Desmond Child, who is also a huge Laura Nyro fan. See Nyro's induction into the Rock Hall of Fame in 2012 by Bette Midler (wonderful). Paul thinks its more appropriate that Nyro be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame since her music isn't strictly rock. Nyro is actually unique, and is one of the most revered artists by other artists in the music industry. She is legendary. A phenomenal talent.
Это просто американская "Я свободен". Ахуенно!!🙌
TRAB
LTW#
AlphaCast <3
eoq
eoq
vim por causa do solth park ep do world of warcraft
Кто от Мисисипи, лайк! :D
Привет от Миссисипи
лайк если от мисисипи
ебать чё то плакать охота
I play WoW with this music :)
Tutorial de como andar de skate sem ter um skate
epic <3
The best music!
I can just see this song being used in so many badass movie fight scenes. Most of them with a badass man wielding duel plasma swords. XD
who came here to find the song from south park?
Вы можете бездарно провести эти дни на улице, бездумно гоняя мячик… а можете сесть за компьютер и совершить нечто важное».
paul  looks like snape
it has become a classic
Pewdiepie got me here :D
Jorn-"Live To Win" cover. check it out.. great cover!
amo essa musica
just watched nb3
Get out my jungle!
Nightblue3 <3
2016
moi grâce a thefantasio974
qui est la Grace a squeezie
Squeeziez sale batard mdr
First thing I listen to every day during exams. Maybe I should stop listening since I've died already..
South Park and...
I listened to this while making math homework :-D
One of the Baddest songs ever created!!!!! Love Paul Stanley, Gene The Demon (Of Course, my favorite) and KISS!!!!!😎
The ones don't like it should put their thumb in the ass and shut up!
awe wycc
👏👏
Wankil studio !!!!!!
Newgrounds, mental miles, sonics Halloween brought me here
Ahhh thank you south park
Jorn brought me here. Its like I have always known this song but never really listened to it!
Mom more hotpockets!!!!!!
Jorn Lande brought me here. with his Killer new version of this song.
South park S10E08. XDDDDDD
South Park culiao me trajo aqui :v
I like this song
such an inspiration song for me
LIVE TO WIN
Wycc took me here
I need this song in my life
Hugo délire ?
he has absolutely no life
how to Kill someone with no life
who's the band backing him?
AWE WYCC!
I love this song. Paul Stanley rules!
south park foda dms
south park foda dms
chorus is ok! not the rest!
i love u babe
South Park
south park
South Park
nope
Aller Gaston !
skyvsgaming brought me here
Live To Win!! :-)
i like this song because the chorus makes me so alive
Had no clue Paul Stanley made this!
south park
south park sent me here again :v
ŴÒŴ
ESTÁ DECIDIDO, ME QUEDARÉ EN EL BOSQUE MATANDO JABALÍES (QUE DAN DOS PUNTOS DE XP), EN TOTAL 65´340,285, TAL VEZ ME TOME SIETE SEMANAS, CON CINCO DÍAS, CON NUEVE HORAS Y VEINTE MINUTOS DURMIENDO SÓLO TRES HORAS, PERO DERROTARÉ AL MADAFACKA QUE ME HA MATADO COMO 14 VECES.
SPIN TO WIN!
GAREN SPIN TO WIN
Ave Wycc!
Wankil.
Trump trump trump
south park sent me
oh god, I gonna have diarrhea again! mom!, bathroom!! what hun? bathroom!!, bathroom!!
MOM! MORE HOT POCKETS!!
That guitarist is getting way too into it <3
Best South Park episode ever! "How do you kill that which has no life?"
Paul stanley brought me here. Not south park.
Awsome
The house band was such a good mix for paul during this tour. More amazing in south park though XD
MAKE LOVE NOT WARCRAFT
South Park xD
love it!
Best frontman...EVER
This song sucks
если бы не южный парк, хуй бы это видео набрало столько просмотров :D
South Park
live to WIN
I like this song especially in south park
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
There is some sort of pitch correction on Paul's mic.
this guy kicks some serious ass, love Paul's voice
this song blows
replay button fucking broken !
Hate the fact that most, if not all, the audience are only there because of that band he's in!! I wouldn't pay one cent to see THAT band but I like Paul Stanley's material...or at least most of it. I just could not STAND to sit through a rehashed 2 hours of make-up rubbish with that megalomanic Mr. $$$$$$$$immons at the helm!!! What a waste of space and a joke that man is!! Paul Stanley should grow up and leave him behind for GOOD!!!!!!!!
WORLD OF WARCRAAAFT
Im lvl 80 paladin xD
From a rocky compilation
#GamerGate
KISS...    Stick with what works....
Kiss :)
Kiss :)
i got a tatoo on my arm thers that writen  - Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes.
Mom!!, Bathroom!!
Wolrd of Warcraft
UBERDANGER RULES
South Park? TheGamingLemon brought me here:)
Skydoesminecraft :p
Лучшая музыка для игры в World of Warcraft.
South park brought me here too
How the fuck people get to know these songs just from commercials or cartoons...dont get me wrong i like south park but i already knew the song
Uber danger lol sang in vid so I find lol
Enter mhn0m for 10,000 entries
SkyDoesMinecraft sang it better. 😋😂
If anyone is thinking about getting that book about Paul Stanley, it's good. It's an awesome book. If you read it, you'll love it! Especially if u like Paul Stanley :D
Sem comentários "Viva pra Vencer " isso diz tudo , Paul é incrível impressionante amo essa música !!
SOUTH PARK \O/
Vo joga warcraft ouvindo essa musica pra ver kkkkkkkkk
ajć, mogę oglądać bez końca <3
South park kkkkkkk cartman gordo pa carai
Just bought that book he came out with. Really wanna read it....
Yeah, uhhh.... Paul Stanley brought me here years ago.
Decapitator <3
South Park \o/
Skydoesminecraft brought me here
South Park, Bob Lennon and JDG brought me here.
South park got me here too
Duck army !!!!!!!
South park got me here too
joueur du grenier (like AVGN but in french) brought me here
South Park
SkyDoesMinecraft Sings This song it's so,majestic :,)
Dbz abridged and South Park brought me here
shut up southpark spammers ;p
Still a good musician! Rock on Paul!
The fucking drummer ! is steeff Urkle !!!!!!!!! \m/ !!!!! Cool man !!!! xD
So this is what professor snape does on christmas break
South Park Took me here <3
Good music Paul Stanley rock on
Paul rules !
Bob Lennon brought me here
Paul Fucking Stanley got me here! None of that game shit just pure rock and roll \m/
game brought me here :D
93 people didnt win to live they just died losing...
WoW
Good music brought me here
south park took me here
Mw3 live to win
But I have known this for ages anyway
Sae so 4 the win
i dont know what with you guys but south park brought me here :P
Супер
MRG me fez vir aqui
Vive bob lennon et dungeons and dragons chaos of mystara.
Saouth park :)
wonderful
try searching the studio version, paul never liked singing his songs the same way in concert and studio, since there is no fun in doing the same bit over and over again
I watched south park and a feeling as if the music and the voice altered
Professor Snape is that you?
quoi ?
Is what a LoL reference?
South park power
lol this song is better on southpark
That's uber cool.
Only South Park to make me search for a music made by paul stanley....rsrsrsrsrs.... rock "farofa" sucks
South Park and Bob Lennon (french youtuber) brought a lot of people here, but this is not what matters ... The thing is that this song is incredible and very helpful for motivation !!
Like if you are here for the song and agree if you found the song thanks to South Park you suck
MRG!
buy a teemo save a ward
vive paul stanley c'est tout :) et kiss !!!
je ne suis pas la vie grâce à south park ou grâce à bob lennon mais parce que j'ai de bon gout en musique :3
South park!
SkyDoesMinecraft brought me here ♥
south park bring me here !
Wtf?Russian go away......
You mean dota 2 STUN THE BOAR SVEN! ? :D
NOOBFROMUA BROUGHT ME HERE !
LIVE TO WINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN !!
Sorry it's not mincing it's munching
Mincing potato brought me here
Sky brought me here!
SVEN BROUGHT ME HERE
Garen brought me here
Merci Bob Lennon pour cette musique
Fanta et BOB MON DIEU!!
you dont say
Sky brought me here
Thumbs up if the World of Warcraft episode of South Park brought you here.
P.Y.R.O.
South Park World Of Warcraft o/
world of warcraft
the dramer seems to be having a lot of fun :D giving it all he got
E por qual motivo vc acha q eu não conheço o Kiss?

Lamentável "exister" pessoas que julgam sem ao menos conhecer
Don't get me wrong...I like South Park
But fuck it
I'm tired of guys saying "south brough me here" 
The same for other popular music with people who say "some tv stuff brought me here" and so on
It's getting irritating
Washburn Preacher
Is it me, or does he sound awesome?
Jovem Nerd
- Montaggio musicale?
- Montaggio musicale!
- Live to win?
- LIVE TO WIN!
Fuck all sky fans god damnit he sang it because he's a pussy and can't accomplish anything in life fck every sky fan!!!!
skydoesminecraft brought me here. Like if you came here because of him too. :)
Doing dishes to this.
O jovem nerd colocou a musica justamente pelo episódio do South Park que é Make love not Warcraft ;)
Que bom, não sou o único que usa essa foto.
South Park!
Yeah too! =)
nerdplayer brought me here
LoL
South park doesn't brought me here!!!!!!!
Jovem nerd!
It's not the same with out Kiss facepaint.
Sky brought me here
Damn right, it was !
That's one intense dump.
Nah the singer looks like a band member of the band kiss :p
South Park come to here
I <3 u Paul
I Live to shit!!
Live To Win
what album is this
Live to win till u die till the blod dries in eye
They need to do this in WoW costumes.
Buttttteeeeer
YEEEEEESSSSSSS
SOUTH PARK!!!
Skyyyy
P.Y.R.O.
¸Nah, it stills splashes my ass when I flush.
thats just... so deep:O
<3
Playing this song, while building my army in Tatics Orge LOCT.
How many damn plectrums does Paul Stanley need?
Sky brought me here
I usually listen to push it to the limit whilst taking a dump.
Thumbs up if u got here from sky
yea, i know
listening to this while playing world of warcraft
Well, crap... something is up with Youtube again because the other day it said 0 dislikes.
no its not.. this is why there's 81
Is that even possible with a song that sounds this powerful?
wow... not one dislike... fucking impressive man!
I play world of warcraft listening to this song (south park brought me here)[
Тут он как то хуёво поёт.
i win
i like how the lyrics version has more views than the vevo version
Great Album by a Legend!! I think if people gave it a chance they would love it.Pauls an Awesome songwriter
No offense to Paul, but this style is just not my cup o' tea....

A bit too...uh...I don't know how to put it..

I love his 1978 solo album though!
Live to win, 'till you die, 'till the light dies in your eyes (8)
LIVE TO WIN
KISS Sucks, but this song is hilariously cheesey
The singer looks like Egorapter (don't call me crazy)
Has el amor no el warcraft.
Theme song for Ranked SoloQ in League.
equip elixir of the mongoose, to your hotbar.
Skydoes minecraft ade me come here
South park baby!
Playing this when school starts.
spin2win
Sky army
sky does mine craft
Like if you came here from skydoesminecraft!!!
Love South Park...Love KISS...

Fucking hate this song! But that's just me.
ok that is just so fucked up because i did that too! it was just like 2 years ago but yeah!
SKY ARMY
Yes!...This is the theme song of the Sky Army
I listen to this because the kids at school beat me with rocks
sky army?
Kinda lame ..
Кто такие Кенни?
SKY ARMY!!!!
Paul Stanley just killed Kenny bastards!
like si llegaste aqui por south park
what a song!
I do it while taking a huge dump
SouthPark brought me here! ;)
great song!!
It was upload at my birthday :p
You suck.
get shreded or die mirin brah
Translation for gym rats: lift to win!
Not how I originally knew the song...but He reminded me of it
We need that bitch off the side of the video
great gym song
песня из альбома лучше
This song brought me back from hell millions of times.
I first heard this on South Park.
I listen this song when I do my Homework.
paul STANley. fckyeah.
!!!!!
Sky army
Thumbs up if you looked up this song because skydoesminecraft sings this
Odd, I suddenly have a desire to kill boars...
Spin to Win is far more suiting for League of Legends...then again I am a Garen player XD
use to play this song all the time in raids and while leveling my characters in wow, good times.
yea live yea win....yea penta kill!!!!!this song fires me up.makes me do the impossible on every game even on WoW(best game ever)
Call me, yurnero.
Yo Man Fuck that guy seannaners!
Sky was The First XD
My theme while playing League of Legends.
Listhening this son while playing lol
Batman brought me here, I still don't understand what he wants me to learn from this
I listen to this while playing almost any mmorpg now lol
and he brought me here too :) i actually like his version better :D
for sure
wow, he really sucks live
Sky Brought me here
Came here cuz of southpark
was lisining to this song on survival for minecraft
you're using the wrong music, buddy
Got this from South Park :)
lall like who come from south park !  xD
after loosing 4 games in a row I came here, won 3 games in a row
After going 0-19 on Dota 2, I need to get pumped...
This song also works when you're attempting to reach level 12 of Theme Hospital on the playstation.
minecraftdiver sometimes sings this
playing this song while creating a city in minecraft.
That's correct
Skydoesmincraft sings this sometimes
Live to win XD
Garen brought me here XD
thumbs this asshole down!
He is awesome not gay
Make love not warcraft
he sound so gay....
this is what professor snape did before hogwarts
How much do you pay a month for wow?
Just watched south park
south park
south park?
Basicly. It rules.       If u like this. Try avenged sevenfol
Rhis song is an epic skill of pure propurtioness
so i was headbanging it and then my mom walked in..
awkward
SkyDoesLiveToWin
Guess Who me send here
This is sky's favorite song think oh sky sent me
Sky sent me
what happand to real rock?! (and good singers)
More like all mmorpgs are like wow, also it is mentioned because this song became known to many people from south park episode called: Make love, not warcraft.
why mention world of Warcraft its just like all other MMORPG
My point is that the reason this song is popular is because of south park don't know how i could be more clear.
NEED TO LEVEL UP!
I like this song.
KISS brought me here...
a minecraft youtuber who always sings this
SKY brought me here
came here browsing while doing nothing
Sky brought me here
Sky brought me here!
Sky brought me here !
sky brought me here
SkyDoesMinecraft any one, and this song is epic
I came here from sky but paul stanley omg the lead singer of kiss?
BUTTER
Darius is a fucking Off-Tank , dude. :D ;D
Darius AP mid is OP
Better nerf Irelia
А ГДЕ ЈЕ ПЕЧАТ!!!!!!!
thanks to south park for bringing me here!
"Spin to win
Till they die!
If you Justice, they will cry!~"
sky sent me <3 Skydoesmincraft <3 <3
SOUTH PARK +1
wow we got a grammar Nazi here
Dont you mean such
Thumb if you here because of south park ^^
can you give me the name of the vid
Thumbs up if you're here becuase you needed motivation for WoW leveling.
Go SkyArmy !!!!!!!!
All hail the majestic butter king
I live to touch and feel butter
SKY DOES MINECRAFT!!!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday God ! ! !
Happy Birthday Paul!
Hashtag:SKYARMY EVFWRGKBMBNTRKMNNKMBTKHXNM BUTTTEERR
SKY!! XD
#JUMPING PUZZLE
MAKE LOVE NOT WARCRAFT SOUTHPARK WOW <3
SKY!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
LIVE TO WIN!!!!!
SOUTH PARK
thumbs up if south park bought you here
#Skydoesminecraft #butter
SOUTH PARK CARALHO
Froggen
"Viva pra vencer, até morrer, até as luzes dos seus olhos apagarem."... |,,|
Sky are better
"Você se acha muito feio, pede comida pelo correio..." MRG rules!
He must be one tuff badass
I want the album version, you star-faced faggot.
I feel that sky sings better than them
thumps up if your here because of wingsofdeath huehuehue
This is for u skydoesminecraft
i am from sky
Sky sent me
Saying sky is better than u
I'm here because of sky btw just s
Sky brought me here butter
came here cus of skydoesminecraft
Butter
thumbs up if south park brought you here...
Majestic budderness
sky army
well, fuck you too
You can sit here and watch YouTube all day or you can do something that matters...
MRG MAIS VOCÊ.
Sem namorar com a propria mão.
im here cuz of a mobifire build for ziggz (a leagueoflegends champion). Its a good song if not legendary
Sky lol
Here because of R* fuck sky
yup thx sky :P
sky!!!
0:55 No thanks
here cus of skydoesminecraft
Horde.
Me to no way but sky is a great singer
Sky brought me here
Here cause of sky :D
Sky sings the chorus sometimes in his videos
Thumbs up if your here because of sky XD
Butter
SKY ARMY YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHATDHFVHJSAUDRVJHSVAJBSJ
butter.....
sky has got me addicted to this song :D
Skydoesminecraft brought me here
SPIN TO WIN!
For the Alliance.
here because of sky and kuledud3
Only heard this song on South Park
Im here cuz sky and south park :P
sky sings it allot thats the only reason
I've hears this song, but yeah, now I've just clicked this song beause of Sky XD
Pauls voice sounds really powerful at the chours
yes thats right people heard the song and liked it whats your point
looks like im not the only one that was here because skydoesminecraft said something
ya but the only reason this song is popular is because is south park
SKY ARMY WILL FIGHT FOR THE BUDDER LISTENING TO THIS SONG
No game-comments should be on this video & who the fuck cares about any Sky? Paul is in this video so don't make it look bad!!  SERIOUSLY!
SKYDOESMINECRAFT!
like if u came cuz of skydoesminecraft!
thumbs up if you came here cause' of south park
Now i know
Thanks for clearing that up.

I was absolutely non-plussed about that...
hes a youtuber by the name of skydoesminecraft
The most of u come here cause that god damn episode ;D
Best song ever!! ( South park) :D
South Park!
Skydoesminecraft
Skydoesminecraft brought me here
Nope.Kiss brought me here!
Southpark brouth you here?
Genuine question: Who the fuck is Sky?
Sky Army!!!
god this is horrible in a good way
south park.....
world of warcraft keeps coming out with expansion and you have to keep buying them
Agreed
nope it got famous from southpark
South Park lol
what do you mean?
#killingboars #lisingtolivetowin
sky you can sing better this song
omg i thought i was the only one XD
lololololol thats so true
Sky army xD
I never knew Snape could sing...
Ron Paul brought me here :)
how'd you know?
whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!BUDDER!!!
me
Professor Snape?
Skydoesminecraft got me here
WIN FOR BUTTER NOT SQUIDS
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
It's ok sky army I brought budder
lol i cam here because of skydoesminecraft.... oh youtube! the only place where you can get this lost so quickly
Who all found this just to figure out what song Sky was singing?..
This played when i was trying to put down illidan first time
SOMEONE CAN SUGGEST ME ANOTHER MONTAGE SONG EXPLICIT LIKE THIS ONE IN THE WORDS?  i always listen to eye of the tiger and this when i have to get motivated, someone has other ines to suggest me? thanks :)
i want spin to win x2 this original
southpark made this song...
SUCH A SICK TRACK. GETS ME THROUGH THE DAY. FUCK THE MAN
Wait....This is all a setup to get likes! IT'S A TRAP!
SKY ARMY UNITE
yeah me too
me to
Yeah, Sky army rocks.
Came here because of skydoesminecraft
In Pandaria there is training moment in Valley of Four winds, I had to pop this song on when it happened and I giggled like little girl :)
Yaşamak İçin Kazan!
Four of our subscribers...they've gone up fifty levels in three weeks...
- My God...they must have no lives at all...
A hope?
- A chance! :D
REQUESTING THAT THIS SONG BE DUBSTEP REMIXED.
Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj on the background ruined the song for me :(
World of Warcraft!!
I'm grinding so many boars to this song.
Thumb up if you painted Paul Stanley's Star child mask on your face for Halloween.
it's disgusting how this has a frame about a single from JB ft. Nicki Minaj. I mean, no, i'm not that spammer you see hating on JB, but this is like smearing shit on your most sacred possession, a blasphemy. I live to win after all
*Cartman rises the fist*
garen brought me here 
SPIN TO WIN
NO I DON'T WANT TO WATCH JUSTIN BIEBER FT. NICKI MINAJ , I CAME HERE TO LISTEN TO MUSIC ! LEAVE ME ALONE STUPID BANNERS
First time I saw that South Park I thought this was a joke song by DVDA meant to sound like "Push It To The Limit" or something.
4chan... God, my life's a mess.
Jesse Cox brought me here.
I got here coz im a kiss fan yes i like southpark but im a big kiss fan
anyone NOT sent here by south park?
I got here from uh.../b/.
omg me too
came here fo this only
Bentley Bros me trouxe aqui ;D
people saying what they say and it got top comment so what?
me to
0:47 <-- LIVE TO WIN!
I wonder how pissed off actual fans are. still southpark.
Jesse Cox brought me here.
This is the greatest song in the world..........of Warcraft
i only know this song because of south park :)
JESSE sent me
I Love!!!!!
serious buisness in guild wars 2 with this song.
+1 south park
It's time.....
to hunt boars.
I listen to this when I play wow... LIKE A BAWS!
HAMMERS!!!
HÆMMERS UP!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why is there a faggot behind this video?
Oppa gangnam style is fucking shit. It's a disgrace to human anatomy. Fuck him.
even if it was used in south park its still very good song
You don't reply to others like that
gud1
Seriously guys, let's do a little demographics count here.
Like this comment if South Park brought you here. If it didn't dislike it (don't stay neutral!) so we'll at least have a slight idea of how much this song got more popular thanks to South Park.
Lol
@toastmansride Not if you don't ever play MMORPG's.
I play this in the background when I level up on Halo: Reach.
Jovem Nerd me trouxe aqui
Best South Park Episode ever
Make love not warcraft
MRG RULEIA!
:/ alan rickman is snape
South Park WoW - Leveling Up Extremely
Gay.
Best part! 0:45 <3
How do you kill one that has no life?
Is that the Filllmore? I was at that show. The back-up band are the guys from Rockstar:Supernova.
unfortunately, one of the side-effects of bath salts is Paul Stanley...
paul stanley is severus snape :D
I'm here because of Jesse Cox oddly enough
i must kill more boars
I just carried myself from 1000 elo to 1200 with no help, this song is how i felt and how i feel now. YESSS
no shit
just wondering. you realized you commented on your own comment that you did 11 months ago?
eu tava procurando essa musica desde o ultimo nerdcast,finalmente achei uhuhauhuahuh!
South Park, melhor vídeo motivacional da história!
Snake ?!
spin to win
NERDPOWER!!!   \o/
MATANDO ROBÔS GIGANTES !!
THANKS :D
Live To Win! 'till you die!, 'till the light dies in your eyes!
One of south parks best episodes.
yeah, agreed
South Park Brought me here
Wow, I guess he doesn't need makeup to look like a tranny
nope its an amazing song
its one of those under rated songs
so many boars were killed because of this song.
This is charlie sheen's theme song!
You claim to be innocent, but that thumbnail leads to me to believe otherwise.
i am here cause of south park
same reason why I gave him a thumbs up too XD
Серия 10-08, Make Love, Not WarCraft <3
how can a video this epic get only 458 thousand views?
You cant. But the thing you can do is wipe it out of existence.
You could throw a ball around outside all day... Or you can sit at your computers and do something that matters!
I don't know what this says, but it's probably really inspirational!
How do you kill that which has no life?
ahh bring'm southpark and wow fans together.shit.
Cartmaaaan !
This is my favorite song to train
South Park <3
MRGêêê
FOR THE HORDE
Melhor combo pra ter motivação é essa música e Rocky!
Taste my Steel!! JN E MRG!
For the alliance!
MRG
quem venho aqui por causa do JN vai levar um belo negativo e sinalização de SPAM para aprenderem a deixar de ser retardados mentais.
LIVE TO WIN!
quem veio aki por causa do Jovem Nerd da joinha!
sout park & WOW
This made me want to live again <3
NerdPlayer
Jovem nerd :D
JOVEM NERDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Jovemnerd
1:45 wtf drummer guy gone crazy
I came here cause of South Park..
Jovem Nerd!
Jesse Cox Lives to Win..
JovemNeeeerd!!!!!!!
South park so...
NerdOffice e KISS!!!!
Jovem Nerd e KISS: Oh Lord! *-*
JovemNerd e South Park. os motivos de eu estar aqui.
Nerdpower!!
LAMBDA LAMBDA  LAMBDA  NERDS =D
JOVEM NERD
I'm using this for when i'm losing all the time..
World Of WARCRAFT¡
)))
Yes and I respect him and writing english = )
Spin to win!! :)
0:46 enjoy
Дайте человеку спокойно посидеть в интернете)
Stupid?
for all brothers down in wow !!!
wuctPuJIa go снимать Маньяка с топором:D
School Army of Wycc stop writing russian. = ) Paul Stanley is very good singer, respect him and write in English as Wycc)))
This  wonderful song...
ага
=)ага
Да будет армия шустрилы!
this song is tits
60 people couldn't succeed :/ .
Jesse Cox brought me here!
JESSE MOFUCKIN COX
#exceptwhenboth
60 people cant win
Geek anthem!!!! FTW!!!
South park and the spacebutterfly's!!!
Jesse Cox
this song has brought me thought a lot of late raid nights
I play this when I am really scared xD
My god these players must have no life's at all
Save the Cox!
THIS WALL SHALL NOT STAND!  SO SAYS THE COX!
Jesse Cox vs. The Wall
If you know, you're in the club.
Cox!
kiskae brought me here
Ohh *_*
Kiss, kiss!
paul :D
words of a thousand truths!
South park!!
haha it said in the series but when you play now that thing is worth dirt...
No i came here from patrick
South park brought me to " live to win " and " push it to the limit "  xD
Jesus christ, we get, you're here from South Park.
No i'm here because of South Park
That was such Iberia pwnge
south park reference.
what is wrong with you
South Park, that is all.
What advertisments?
I turn my ad-blocker on so scumbag vevo doesn't get money
dad, get off our team speak line
58 people arent living to win
its a mmorpg im playing with people from all over the world and getting xp with mi friends using teamspeak
Let's be 'original'...
Thumbs up if South Park DIDN'T brought you here. (Not really asking for thumbs up, but if you really like the comment, give it one or two. ^_^ )
the sword of a thousand truths!
Yes. 65,340,285, which should take us 7 weeks, 5 days, 13 hours and 20 minutes, giving ourselves 3 hours a night to sleep.
I've had this song in my head for a while now, glad I finally found it xd
Do you know how may boars we would have to kill to gain 30 levels?
Totally copying aXLiitY's comment here. 
FUCK OFF THUMBWHORE
thumbs up if you have thumbs
thumbs up if South Park brought you here
Du bon song super chanson
Apples
i just watched this while soloing a normal game on lol!
He didn't ask for those thumbs up, you stupid motherfucker.
South Park Warcraft
Lol king
Thumbs up if you're watching this video on youtube...
Mom need more hot pockets!
this should be my theme song -.-
i just listened to it , while I'm killing the boars in the forest...
he said "made me" meaning he only looked at the results of the math, meaning the way to get results culd have been with a multipler
you crazy man :o
you're the prefect shit
But you cant look at it like that. He was talking about percents, not units, which means that you have to add the 20% not multiply them. I am crying at your lack of math skills. Oh, and for the records, one cannot be 0% cool unless ones youtube name is loganstone.
depends if you look at it with a multipliar and basing the added 20% on the results of that. DUH
If he is 0% cool out of 100% cool, it means that he is 20% cool. Duh...
Forever alone..
I allways hear this song when I play WoW
54 :)
51 people dont live to win
instant thumps up for your comment
psssh. Do Inferno, bro.
20% of 0 is still 0
INSTAND THUMPS DOWN U COMMENT =D
WTF me too lol but on inferno
So, wow, way to freak out. Its clear you just said it for the thumbs up, so dont try to call me out when you were doing something petty. If you play casually, which is fine, why even point it out? it sounds like you were trying to sound superior because you beat something slightly difficult.
gay live
Really now? God damn you hordes are ANNOYING!
Yes they did it in elwynn forest.
GuardsmanBob brought me here.
Elwynn forest init? I believe they did in Elwynn Forest atleast, starting area for humen xD I forgot they used it in Southpark untill someone mentioned it lol
Thats not that hard
Shove those thumbs up your asshole, you annoying prick.
FOR THE HORDE
Me 2 +
this song motivated me
To test if you play wow, What forest? You should know if you even watched the south park episode because they tell the name of it.
I wish that there would be an 10h version of this song here in YouTube :D i've listened this about 100 times this evening and i'm still not bored!
I have Season 10 of South Park on DvD so I listen to this all the time hahaha
thumbs up if you know this song for being a kiss fan !
SOUTH PARK MAKE LOVE NOT WARCRAFT!! <3
53 persons were killed by an overpowered player!
Love this song :)
"¡¡SHIT TO WIN!!" 
Eric Theodore Carman
Nice song
whats the name of the forest? hmm..?
fuck off thumbwhore
I fuck to this.
SPIN TO WIN!!!!!!!!
Thumbs up if you know this song from South Park:D(Make love not Warcraft episode)
I listen to this while picking up chicks and dealing with them rejecting me at the beginning of my pickups
MOM! MORE HOTPOCKETS!!!
Snape what are you doing here ? Go back to Hogwarts.
Omg his voice is trashed.
i cant focus on video while fucking nicki minaj is staring at me..
Fuck off YouTube, I don't want to buy Nicki cunting Minaj's new album. I'm here to get inspired by Paul fucking Stanley.
i play wow :P and i like the south park episode
Well first i did
Best episode of South Park in my opinion, I don't even play wow
I remember the first time I listend to this song here on youtube, I was a fresh kiss fan. I thought to myself: This Paul Stanley guy is a great singer, I should listen to his songs as well. So I checked the wikipedia to see what ealse he does, and thought to my self: F*ck!
You know, I red your comment, and than said to my self: ok, lets read what the other guy said. And when I did, youtube respond: "comment no longer exist". So congratulations, the guy did what you suggested XD.
I don't always live...but when I do...I live to win.
this shud have way more views!?
THIS VIDEO DESERVE SO MANY MORE VIEWS !!!!!!
MOAR HOTPOCKETS!
Good Motto to Live By
agreed
yea, garrosh fucked the horde up badly, thrall will kick his ass though. and in mop he'll be the final boss as far as i know (i am honestly kind of new at wow :P)
Best PG song ever.
hahah, begun to laugh when i saw all the World of Warcraft comments! .. xD
FOR ZE HORDE......LOL. but during cata and mop soon coming out, all this shit is happening to the horde while the alliance is in lala happy fun time land.......i have no idea about the quests through the alliance dont judge me :P
lol,.......lok'tar ogar!!! >:D
FOR THE HORDE
to many hot pockets :P
Ohh thatse a big one sweety =)lol
Ah =p im  not the only who does the same, when i lisnen to this in pvp i am a god =p
this song is very motivating. I have the words of the song in my mind all the days, and helps me to fight against my fears.
I like it, 5 stars for paul stanley!!
Spin to win is not garen's quote. Garen doesn't say it. Also Spin to win has nothing to do with this.
To much South Park Warcraft reference comment, how about Garen's reference from League of Legends!?!
you mean 44 people did do that
South Park Wow :DD DDD DDDDD
I LISTEN TO THIS WHILE KILLING BOARS IN THE FOREST IN WOW
south park!!!!!!!
english pleas
his voice is awesome!
i was watchin these people play 3 guitar in a 2 guitar kiss song
going to level 85 right now, i have been playing for the last 30 hours I NEED TO REACH IT AAAARRW
А при чем +100500?
0:45 What u came for.
South Park Warcraft :D
paul stanley \m/
It's ok.. MOM..BAFROOM..what hun?

BAFROOM! BAFROOM.
Кто сюда пришел из +100500 палец UP
Lol Advanced Metro Tactics.
Рашен мужики отзовитесь!=)
bad.
Best song for zombie apocalypse
да согласен))))))АХУЕННО)))))
its the fucking AMAIZINE))))))))))))))))))
За***сь!
no, just no
Lady Gaga should do a cover for this!!
i love jewish rock
that is my favorite song
South park <3
world of warcraft? xD
MUUUUUUM!TOILET!
... DEMACIA
Even just thinking of this song and its motif behind it, helped me complete my coursework :D
imagine... GW2 + Paul Stanley O_O
Dying is for fools - Charlie Sheen, sponsor of this song,
Gotta support your theme song
Just completed the Live to Win 10 hour challenge.
@Meurth no shit but I gotta admit, he looks like snape
South Park<3
The singer looks like Severus Snape..
44 people didnt train in the forest killing boars
South Park FTW
@ApriliaSplinter south park episode
Why are there so many LoL references in a song connected with WoW ????
@FlabsNV I wish I had Skyrim for PC because I would so make a music replacer for it.
@Efcaz I need a mod that replaces the dragon battle soundtrack with this song.
time to climb the 7000 steps in Skyrim
need montage music
this will be more than satisfactory :D
1:00 geez ! Don't eat the microphone man.. your voice won't be more powerful than Paul with a microphone in your belly... lol
@360Wilhtekz dying is for amateurs
Charlie Sheen took the song a bit too serious..
@tudordn92 ive heard it in south park but thats not why im here :)
Why the fuck should What the hell be in the recomended Q.Q
thumbs up if you were the 2200th person to thumbs up the vid.... oh wait that was me!
@tudordn92 but what's the problem with that?its a good song and without south park i wouldn't have found it so...
best song for an MMORPG !!! <3 haha  :D !!!
DruoxTheShredder brought me here.
SPIN TO WIN!
@AdrenalineAndLove  Hmmm u must got the wrong guy
SPIN TO WIN.
@AdrenalineAndLove Wow man u must be a noob
@Remer595 Disliked your comment, fuck your life for SPAMMing you faggot loser.
World of warcraft ;D
10 likes ill sing this at my school
20 likes ill sing this over the intercom at my school
30 likes ill yell it out to the world
écouter cette musique redonne des forces morales :hap:
you are assholes...
l
o
l
+me south park)))
Who else only listened to this because of south park?
IF YOU JUDGEMENT THEY WILL CRY
SPIN TO WIN TILL THEY DIE
Awesome ! Paul Stanley's Rules !
gentelmen i belive we are dealing with someone who shas apsolutley no life.
ill do it, this song just made me .... mehhh 20% cooler
DEMACIA!
Spin to Win! >:)
Thank you South Park!!! You always put good music in episodes!!!
@WolfteamFans then high fucking five bitch :D jk didnt mean bitch :p
@tudordn92 Not a fan of thumbs, I see what you did there.
@tudordn92 4 ppls. . .
sad
@11myRSvidz11 his name in stanley XD
mom!  Bathroom
any 1 else here from the tf2 taunt kill movie?
Carpal tunnel. Carpal tunnel!!!!
lol, i feel EPIC
is it weird that when i hear this song i wanna kick my mother xD
Listening to this song while doing anything increases your chance of success by 500%
"Sir you have to see this! Four of our subscribers have gone up fifty levels in three weeks!" 

"My god...they may have no life at all." 

"A chance?"

"A hope..." 

It's up to  Stan, Kyle, Kenny, and Eric to save Azaraoth. All eyes are on you boys!
@KaoshimaCheshire haha i see what you did there. I thought homewrestlingmoves was quoting stan from the WoW episode of south park so i answered like Randy, Stan's dad, does in that episode. Of course i ment retard. But thanks for clearing that up for everyone!
thumbs up if cartman , kenny , stan , kyle brought you here from the episode make love not warcraft :)
SPIN TO WIN!
@emilpt You mean a retard?
@HomeWrestlingMoves i'm not a r-tard....
my gaming music
@MrNorwayRock is that some kind of crossword puzzle game?
this is wath i lisen t when i play word of warcraft
soth park lol
@xxxxBunnyraptorxxxx rofl
Kiss brought me here
Wasnt the guitarist playing the solo part of the house band in the Rockstar inxs/supernova series?
Thanks South Park =)
AWESOME
@Socotik level 85 panda monk!! yeaah!!!1 no dude that's gay...
SPIN TO WIN! 
Garen brought me here!
I had to kill 318,577 boars to get here...
@2298839082508923859 Говорит мудак, который Арам Срам Срам считает за хорошую песню
гей какойто!
lvl 85 !
ONE FINE DAY PUSH IT ALL THE WAY!!!
hm. so thats what he look like without all that gay makeup
Im here because of bejewelled montage :DDD
@uykyk1  Ummm, this song came out in 2006.  It's not that old.  It's 5 years old, that's it.  Don't believe me, go look it up on Wikipedia.
SPIN TO WIN!
ffXII brought me here... the legendary battle that is...
@OldMusicftw oh lol didn't even see this guys comment
Charlie Sheens anthem
1:43 = happiest man on Earth
South park brought me here.
Demacia!
Does anyone else think paul stanley looks like alan rickman at some angles?
if you also south park is the reason to be here
GUYS LOOK LOOK I KNOW A WAY HOW TO LEVEL UP FASTER WE`RE GONNA KILL BOARS
Thumbs up if 4chan brought you here.
WoW FTW
@oskars623 
I'm disappointed in this comment :V
OMG!!! The 1st time i heard the start i started to sing
"Spin to win, tilll they die
Till there is no one left to kill!"
And then i heard him singing his **** song...
-_- DISAPPOINTED!!!!
The first time I heard this song and loved was on dbz abridged.
LIVE TO WIN!!!! un groso paul!!!!
Made by South Park - WoW
Make love, not Warcraft!!!
@miscom But how do you kill that which has no rife?
@Deputydog857 ....lol hating much....
SPIN TO WIN, TILL THEY DIE!!
this makes me think of radny from southpark.
He reminds me of Snape. 
Love SouthPark.
Oh, and good song :P
this could be the end of the world............. of warcraft XD
THIS song is inspired
south park brought me here
32 people don't live to win :\
dfsfsdfsdfdfdf
Weird without make up
a chance ??!! a hope ....
fucking amazing
We're going to need a montage.
Thumbs up if Kenny, Stan, Kyle, and Cartman brought you here!
Kiss stills rules. Fk all of your present day bullshit rap/shitbox music!
SPIN TO WIN!
thumbs up if you came here because you heard this song in South Park :D
I dare say he's winning.
Every time i listen this song in the It makes me be my best and defeat any challenge in my life.
32 lived and lost
like if u play world of warcraft while listening to this
This should be the song in the next birgirpall video of Battlefield 3 operations
Lmao, this song reminds me of southpark when they are playing wow. xD
32 people dont live to win lol???
pyropuncher brought me lolol
@smokeshaman turn ur hacks off bro
Like if józsi brought you here xD
The perfect pick me up in sc2. 8 losing streak, but then listen to this song, 8 win streak.
Stanley Marsh xD
My Theme Song!!!
Yea!!!! Live Yea!!! win
ecouter cette musique en faisant des partis de snip sur mw3 et finalement te rendre compte que sa fait deja 12H que tu jou MW<3
Charlie sheen's song?
spin to win (parody) of this has more view 500 000+ =P
@wetehretards1 *unashamed* probably, isn't it good for publicity though?
@DarthThePyro lol
32 persons live to loose,
Am I the only one that thinks that Paul looks like he has no idea what he's doing?
@TheSecondR who says we WOW players don't have a life
=)))
Meh
Любимая песня!)
@Olwe90 
there is a such thing as wireless systems for guitars
Anyone realise his guitar isn't plugged in? Or am I ust seeing things?
charlie sheen wrote this song
Charlie Sheen's theme tune.
@Ionlyfearphobophobia Me... kinda fuckin retarded that little 12 year olds get erections and call people nerds over a game I actually play, and enjoy.
game over
VEVO SUCKS¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡
@Ionlyfearphobophobia i am here because of the epic song wich i gained from south park
THUMBS UP HORDE PLAYERS!!!
This is a parody of Spin To Win xD
Is anyone NOT here because of south park?
Thumbs up if South Park brought you here.
@xXStevYYYXx101 Leauge of Legends hero. Nicknamed , Spin to Win
@TheSecondR I bet that this song remind u about South Park - Make Love Not Warcraft XD
@TheSecondR You watched south park didn't you?
dude what
kiss brought me here fools
thumbs up if  you know this song in south park (wow)
awesome song but he's the worst dressed man on the planet
@alookmey lol
same
Lvl 85 BUUUUTTCHHHH!!!! >:D
2 words: South Park
@MrUnholyHD 
Those were my thoughts. I was like, That fuckin sounds like Star Child....but wait....that ain't a fuckin KISS song!
I wrote it off until I finally looked it up lol
Fuckin trippy that he chose to debut his song on South Park.
Mom?....MOM!.....MORE HOTPOCKETS!!!
SPIN TO WIN
@AdmiralCardboard *facepalm*
Anyone else look for this song after they heard Spin to Win?
South Park !
South Park brought me here! :)
This it's my muthafuckin theme song today!
@TheNerfwarrior1 what for
thats make me want to play world of warcraft
like if your good sense of music brought you here.
Why is Fest Hos Mange a related video?
@ReeceXP lol picolo the yoshi xDD
This song makes me feel like losing my life, making a WOW account and killing boars to kill other no lifes in WOW, jk
@Pedr6500 It's not even that popular now, I leterally wouldn't know it if not for south park, and I only want it for my workout track. I seriously thought it was an 80's song until now.
@martintusevskitv2 yeah man! :D
The league of legends parody "Spin to Win" has twice as many views as this LOL
@Ifailcausido thats right!
Put your makeup back on!
Eric Cartman
@ReeceXP TFS Gokus song??
YEAH!! SOUTH!!, YEAH!! PARK!!
dragonball abrigded :D
lol over 240,000 view half of that is cuz of south park XD.
@generalshermancross Newt Gringrich?
SPIN TO WIN!
30 people either haven't seen South Park or don't like this song for motivation while at the gym :L
Paul Stanley
thumbs up if you've been a paul stanley fan all along and dont give a fuck about south park kids who cant find real music without their tv shows.
@Tiberiusize fuck yeah /b/ro
@TheDinosaur01 
/b/?
Make love not warcraft FTW
Apparently this song will be my sidekick in the zombie apocolypse. Yes.
Charlie Sheen's current lifestyle might have been inspired by this song.
@TheSupermario9001 i have a good idea if u want to do that....... go and kill yourself :D

have a good day.
vevo sucks
i was singing this in cross country today
i use this music when playing World of Warcraft
Haha guess what? South Park didn't send me here, it was DBZ! :P
auuuuu 
Paul Stanley es el mejor showman que hay!!!! y con una gran carrera
listen to SPIN TO WIN.
its way better  ;)
listen to SPIN TO WIN.
its way better  ;)
SPIN TO WIN!
this song KICKS ASS! Perfect song to listen to if ur striving towards a goal in games like RS and WOW. Ima listen to this while gettin 99 attack in RS!
Actually it was no rage, He aint that good of an artist on his own.
Spin To Win! FOR DEMACIA!
Actually souh park did bring me here!!! This aint that good of a song other than in the south park episode!!
2:15 - "WOOOOOOOOOOOW!!!"
foda e nem sabia q ele tinha um canal
i listen to this when i go raiding...
yea i fucking went there
@DarkZeny  genre comment t'a deviné ?
I don't want to say some like "Thumbs up if you know this song before south park" but really i'm know this fucking good song of Paul an i love before and after south park, doesn't matter if that show brought here just enjoy \m/
@rover553 almost all musicians are gay
Like this if you knew Paul from KISS and not from anything else like south park or some other shit
what a faggot  ha  ha ha
@DarkZeny 
Moi c'est "grave" à JDG.
LIVE TO WIN! *flies off motorcycle*
Like if zombies brought you here?
Like this if you knew it before the southpark noobs
Spin to win much ? :D
@MaratBadykov 
КАК?! Как ты знал?!)))
@Zrinschchuck Spanish is breathing english in the back dude .-)
@Jamesminson people have always communicated with english mostly
if you meet a foreign person and wish to communicate with him/her, first thing you'll ask is do you speak english, not do you speak spanish
i don't want this to turn into a serious discussion, i just asked it because it is normal that the top comments are in english
I loved this song before I even watched that South Park episode
World of warcraft , Try free at warcraft . com
@TheDrPotatoe no shit
english is the international language, and in order to understand each other, people mostly use english
@Zrinschchuck Because there is not only english in the world.
why are the two top comments in non-english
pouce vert si c'est grace a wow que vous etez la
@Darksquad666 and I as wukong
@stryker741 and I carried as Twitch to this song ahahahah ! XD
I spun until i won.
Spin to win! :D
Pouce Vert si c'est à cause de South Park que vous êtes là !
DEMACIA!!!!
going to listen to this before driving test!
unfortunately for him the first thing that anyone will think of when they hear this now is wow
@WoWonRAGE  Racist should be dead also... Problem kid ?
меня привел south park :D
Are you here because of South Park too ?
English song so there should be English top comments -_-
thumbs up if you heard this on the world of warcraft south park episode ;) <3
I'M FARMING WHILE THEY'RE MIA.
SPIN TO WIN!!!
Actually first South park brought me here. Then 5 years later ponies brought me here.
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬(ஜ۩۞۩ஜ)▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­▬

ＳＨＵＴ　ＵＰ　ＡＮＤ　ＥＮＪＯＹ　ＴＨＥ　ＭＵＳＩＣ！

▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬(ஜ۩۞۩ஜ)▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­▬
BEST SONG EVARR when doing quests and leveling in WoW.
i thought it was gene simmons no offence to any fans of paul stanley
moi chui la grace a south park :)
Im pretty sure Charlie Sheen listened to this song when he took his drugs
ouais, fin dans fanta, il reprend la scene de south park donc bon...
Fanta et bob et le joueur du Grenier
en fait la musique apparait dans fanta,south park(make love, not warcraft)et dans le joeur du grenier (waterworld)
@DarkZeny Non South-Park !
Hum...je me suis trompé, je crois que c'est Waterworld
Fanta et aussi le joueur du grenier (Asterix)
Paul Stanley, the best front-man ever, brought me here,  When this video was shot, he had already undergone 3 hip replacements from thousands of full throttle concerts, and only ever missed 1 kiss show.
Paul Stanley, the best front-man ever, brought me here,
=)
Garens spin sent me here
Garen spin to win !!!
waauuu esto es rock n roll!!!!!!!!
палец вверх если здесь из за 100500
LOL xD in 1:37 dude's lips is touching the mic
@LutMejiaJ Problem?
@superuser1774 Winning sent me.
Thank you.
Ohh, great song!!! I'll keep his example.
LIVE TO WIN!!!!
 SOUTHPARK :D
ca gere cette chanson
Je suis ici grace au Fanta bob Show
Merci a eux :)
@DarkZeny merci a eux au passage, je la cherchais depuis l'épisode du joueur du grenier sur waterworld :)
@LutMejiaJ lol what?
Pouce vert si c'est Grave a Fanta bob Show que vous etes la ?
@LutMejiaJ im fairly certain this song has something to do with something russian wish i could rtemmeber more :\
charlie sheen
it'S very cool !
This song is made out of win
run it's a communist invasion
@LutMejiaJ they're here because of league of legends :D
too many russians in LoL...
@MaratBadykov Таки привело! Ах, да, пиндосы-русофобы, сосните, вы педики.
who is on bass
27 people dont live to win
the reason im watching this is because i saw the south park
If anyone knows how to live to win, its Paul Stanley!
Charlie Sheens Theme song?
@LutMejiaJ "fucking russians"... let me guess you are an american and all the thumbs up too... how sad
When the music for this song was being written was the writer thinking guitars ftw?

At any rate it's a great song, guitars or no.
@GhostFace38 actually, complicated progressions and changes, combined with beautiful lyrics do move me. but hey, to each their own. I've only seen kiss like a dozen or so times so I can't say I'm a fan or anything, but if I'm in a party/rock mood, they are quite good.
@GhostFace38 well, liking kiss is your first problem. they put on an awesome show, but they are all terrible musicians. go listen to some Rush or something and come back to me.
@GhostFace38 go back to justin bieber little kiddie.
Чо, шикарная песня, даже толпа тупых школьников не может испортить ее.
@superuser1774 that and im also a kiss and paul stanley fan lol
MAKE LOVE, NOT WARCRAFT thumbs up if south park got you here
sing a positive word / this is good
Kiss is awesome personally i think they're cool cuz they are still banging chicks from all the fame they get THUMBS UP IF YOU AGREE
Hey, what's wrong with being russian and watching this vid?
@LutMejiaJ  those "fucking russians" are watching +100500 and south park. And they got some extra nuclear missles if smth xDDD
ha im literally watching that south park episode right now!
27 people didnt stay in the forest killing boars
SOTH PARK!!!!!!!!!!!!
The original Charlie Sheen, Winning
26 people live but lose!!
песня охереть !!!  УЗНАЛ ИЗ ЮЖНОГО ПАРКА О  НЕЙ!!!
╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮﻿

Nuff' Said. For Nether.
27 people cannot live to win.
Live to win!
кто НЕ из-за кота и макса, а просто потому что песня - заебок, thumbs up)
@LutMejiaJ Although that is a racist comment and I'm a bit mad, it's because a youtuber featured it in his video, and he's Russian. Also because of South Park.
I wanna play wow now
SPIN TO WIN
AWESOME.
я тоже из-за саус парка :D серия про варкрафт
Блин, он даже в своём сольном альбоме соло не играет=)))
@LutMejiaJ Russian analog of RWJ's =3 (+100500 it is) had this song in one of it's videos.
@LutMejiaJ You're fucking, we're drinking lol гыгы
@reavaahboy  no man there is many here cuz south park xDDDDD
@LutMejiaJ Я тоже не понял, что ты сказал.
@Erepbbabl no clue what u said
@LutMejiaJ Ты чо охуел мудила?
wassap with all the fucking russians?
Я что один дурак из соус парка про вов сюда пришёл? (((
@reavaahboy lol! hahahahha! i heard this song for first time in southpark at warcraft episode and it sound good to me so i decided to search and find it...
Awensome!!!
Jiggle Billy brought me here !!
@deminidze согласен!
@deminidze Солидарен с тобой!
Ппц искал искал эту песню, тут посмотрел +100500  и нашёл то что искал =)))
wtf how big are the odds that i'm going to listen britney spears after this
Thumbs up if you came here when you was listening SPIN TO WIN!!!
А мне пох я тут потому что обожаю KISS. А кто блядь спросит какая тут связь тот увы мудак.
армия макса, давай!!!!
@gibsondanny well i had to with this monkey i met. Very tight.
@charismatic9904 it would be crazy if you did.... who uses lube in this day and age
@gibsondanny Ok but i dont use lube.
@charismatic9904 If you want to... i will allow it... But just once
@paukierusalim basically 100500 is just fake to very popular "ray william jonson's reviews"
@13nexter45 what do you have against russia?
очень жаль, что такая популярная песня получила настоящее распространиние только благодаря петросянскому интернет шоу
@gibsondanny FUCK YOU. hows that
@charismatic9904 shut up
Thumbs up if south park brought you here
@limon707 здарова!
+100500 сосёт хуй Пола Стенли
/watch?v=3WPxwQz6b2Q
3:01 - that's why so many Russians begun to listen this song.
@13nexter45 It is because this song plays in one episode of popular Russian Internet video reviews "+100500", this program is very popular in Russian Web.
@13nexter45 be Because vodka, a balalaika and bears correct the world
+100500 Otake!
из 100500! понравилась песня ещё когда смотрел 1008 эпизод South park , это про WOW серия...
@sasha6z Была в эпизоде с котом после наркоза
причем тут 100500? в его эпизодах этой песни не было
дааа ,это песня стала моим кумиром онли из саус парка) WoW рулит^_^
deff playing WoW to this song >:D
Go Cartman,Stan,Kyle and Kenny!!!
хахахаха....армия макса тут)
палец вверх кто тут из-за South Park
палец вверх те кто из 100500 сюда пришел)
@m4k3RR Прощще общяйся, ахуел штоли.
@planchik100 А хуй тебе :P
Кто из за кота, палец вверх!!!
make love not warcraft ;)
!980's music rules forever. This shit you listen to today is nothing but shit. Enjoy the demise of society. Actually watch Idiocracy. That'll show ya where todays "youth" are taking this world. Long live the 80's and early 90's. Til you fuck sticks started dick'n it all up!!!!!!
most underated song ever
Listening this while playing WoW =D
@FolkMetalPiper and which one gave you more the impression, the hairy chest, or the shoulder width?
i cannot believe how accurate he sings live...o.o...almost like studio...i can't even sense a difference
this is my black ops nazi zombie music.  so epic =)
@Mihailo512 haha ye the world of warcraft episode XD
@TYodaT PVP combined with Paul Stanley is pretty epic
@loliz76 You mean hilarious, right? "hilarius" isn't a word.
yea wow :)
thumbs up if you are playing WoW right now :)
MAKE LOVE, NOT WARCRAFT!
@8MileMnM lol your cool then -.-
like this if you knew Paul from the start and came to this from KISS
I LOVE PAGERAGE... naaaaat....
@002428 well inever heard it b4 that but i rly liked it there and i searched for it and finay found it ROCK ON xD !!!
bwt dont get me wrong i love south park
you guys are faggots top comments nobody else heard this song before fucking south park?
thumbs up if Leauge of legends spin to win song took u here
23 people live to lose
yeah this makes me think of WoW
Spin To win
Screw South Park, thumbs up if you came from Spin to Win :D
@thehunt12021 
Totally
SCREW SOUTHPARK, KISS FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kiss and paul stanley is the best  band in the word forever
SPIN TO WIN
GAY AND FAKE U SUMBASS NOON
I demand VEVO's taking all Lady Gaga stuff away from my screen while I'm watching the real musician like Paul Stanley performing. I don't want to see fucking bitch face next to my hero's.
This is sick i love it
@MrMadnek wrong, watch the lyric video... it has over a milion :D
SPIN TO WIN!
This is Charlie Sheens Official Theme song winning and South Park Charlie Sheen and Kiss fkn rock.
Thumbs up if most of the comments you've read on here are either about South Park or World of Warcraft
:P
only 164k what the fuck??? it should be 164m
@daanboy97 Details, details...
@meksu1000  Vevo actually is like the supplier xD
I do physical activity to this.
I AM THE ULTIMATE HAVE-LIFE!
@Espie1979  He throws alot to the crowd
This is Courage Wolf's theme music :p
Thumbs up if South Park took ya her :)

MAKE LOVE NOT WARCRAFT
@TheChris370
no, me too
more views than the offical one LOL
/watch?v=jw44JdK3p9k
I love it <3
@TheChris370 nope XD i hate southpark
@TheGonxaplayer You mean: "how do you kill that which has no life?"
more winning than charlie sheen
this man looks like cris angel o.O
did any else that lady in the back singing with him?
@xRobtheSalmonx make love not warcraft! :)
sword of a thousand truths fail now I fuck you up with frostmourne
@disasterpiece92 ah thnx bro
why is vevo so bad?
i heared this song in south park
it's a common misconception that paul stanley wrote this. it was actually written by charlie sheen.
Live to Win gives me strength..LET ANOTHER ROUND BEGIN..!!!
he has his own band now?
South park :D
South Park World Of Warcraft rides me here
AMAZING
@meksu1000 True...
thumbs up if you think you don't need south park to enjoy some kiss music
this song is just a win. definite rock mood putter-oner
Thumbs up if you don't use a pissy TV programme to inform you on the latest ventures of a rock god.
@KronicScope That's how I discovered him.
make love not warcraft
@xRobtheSalmonx wasnt it troops?
...Snape?
@OmgItHasMyArm Whatever it is to you, but to me - drawing, design and quakelive!! RAWR!!!
To all you haters, I just want to say: You can either stay outside and play around with a ball, or sit inside on your computers and do something that really matters.
17 people live to lose.
@dcoolfoster lololololololollololololololololololololloollololololoolololollolololololololollololololololololololololol
@TheKeesie same here
@xRobtheSalmonx lol a wow reference really? better yet a south park make love not warcraft episode reference
@xRobtheSalmonx lol a wow reference really?
Charlie Sheen theme song.
@Dri143 Because it was me lo jk
@MrReki3 lol no thumbs up
@OushGisher why would we want to know this?
@EightLimbz i love the episode love no warcraft i watch it all time
@OushGisher when the chorus came on i can imagine you sped up Lol
How do you kill that which has no life?
Garen brought me here.
It should've been me on that stage playing bass for Paul Stanley, it is meant to be.
1:43 drummer cums.  2:10 guitarist finishes.
@ZeoTactix yup. they sould rlly do.
fuck you VEVO and fuck you commercial about the spanish 43
South Park :D :D :D
Make Love, Not War Craft!
i think they should replace this video with the South Park version
SPIIN TO WIIIIIIN
@Metallica98189 LOL killing boars xD
I use this song when i go leveling lol!!
What can I say?  This song definitely rocks the house!  Especially with South Park's "Make Love, Not Warcraft"!  :)
This is most definetely charlie sheen's theme song.
16 boars disliked (you have to watch the episode to get this)
Keyboardist looks like Jason Hook
Vevo...You guys fucking suck. I like how you're putting music out into the community, but you're ignoring every band that plays good music, but isn't in the limelight. Also, you're taking all of the views from ordinary users...thanks you fucking douchebags.

Nobody has to agree, I'm just stating my opinion. No troll, I swear upon my life.
16ppls are noobs on warcraft
South Park took Paul Stanley and made him awesome in an extremely lame way... Awesome.
After watching this and "Firestarter" by Gene Simmons, its more clear than ever that Paul Stanley is the talent of KISS.
LIVE TO WIN TILL YOU DIE!
Replay Buton -----> 00:00 <------
@TheOneMcGio 
isnt it Sword of a Thousand Truths :P
Definitely one of the world's top (rock) voices. He's been on top fro more than 3 decades.
@TheOneMcGio its the sword of a thousand TRUTHS!
he looks like snape
16 People didn't get the Sword of a Thousand Jewels in time.
Southpark :D
Charlie Sheen needs to make a cover of this song
I bet 112,910 views are from South Park.
haha no vevo ads for this song.
fuck VEVO
anyone got a link to a heavier version of this song with a bit more "truck" to it?
@makani18 ffs dude.  I was about to thumb you up, then I noticed you asking for thumbs.  Oh what am I doing, I'm just giving advice to help thumbwhores become stealthy :(
SPIN TO WIN
This must be Charlie Sheens theme song or something :>
it's hard to enjoy this song with britney spears' ugly face right next to it
LIVE TO WIN
this song is awesome
thumb up :)
best song in the world...... of warcraft
spin to win, a parody of this, has even more views... i wonder why?
i always here the south park voices in my head when i hear this
nice :) shinhan proleague song
hmmm, 4 views off 100,000
Spin to win? I think so.
@OushGisher but in her mind, the song "loser" by beck was playing.  I kid, I kid!
@EightLimbz Well,maybe first time...the other 5 000 times i came because the song freaking rocks,and Paul Stanley is a bloody genious :D
@EIREpaddy909 your going to call me a dick for saying someone looks like eminem which is a    compliment you incompetent retard
15 People live to lose.
@NSLeader1 thats paul stanley u dick
thumbs up if you see eminem in that giant poster in the backround :D
when i listen to this i feel like i can take over the world......of warcraft
15 people must win to live
@Zaphiro635 south park made it happen lol
Full volume makes it awesome.
when was this evr in warcraft?
Fuck you and your world of warcraft, its a game of losers.
Tumbs up if south park get you to this song :D
enough with the bieber-crap already...now, let's listen to music!
@fogz42 lol if you are rock fan, how u know when Jb:s Bday is xD
Paul Stanley + Live to win + South park + World of warcraft ?

Thumbs up for insane good combination!
GREAT SONG... THE BEST... HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST SINGER AND FRONTMAN IN THE HISTORY OF MUSIC!
I should be on that stage playing bass next to Paul, it is meant to be.
@fogz42 Why would you do this? It just makes the views go higher! He doesn't care about dislikes, nor does anybody else! Everybody focuses on the number of views. If you do this you're just helping the little fucking douchebag, not destroying him. You'll be just as bad as his little fanboys and fangirls.
stop making stupid JB comments! he gets paid for each, and because he is all over the internet, he has over 400 MILION views  PER VIDEO! everybody shut up about Justin Bieber so once he will be out of our minds! thats want we want isnt it?
@Coleybear8844 can any1 be a stupid? (no, sarcasm)
@Whatsyourfuckinggame 
Now imagine Jeremy Clarckson would say that. Thumbs up if you do :)
I'm a metalhead and even I like to hear this song from time to time when playing WoW mainly because of the lyrics!
@Coleybear8844 are you dumb in the ass? all those kiss fans made this song famous, south park just took it for their wow episode, and like 70% of the people that likes this song doesn't even watch southpark
live to reach level 85 in wow!!!
@SergantSwiftblade Damn, you'r so right!
Why the fuck do you comment about south park and fucking WoW? This song is good without them and was made without so what the fuck?
Cool song, really fucking gay band members and WTF is with the roses?
XD
just comments related to south park XDDD
south paaark !
The backing band was the one from Rockstar was it not?
WTF dude this is NOT about that stupid lifeless world of warcrap allride
So shut the fuck up about world of warcrap
@nirvanafighters1224 Hahaha! I got it!
i dreamt or he is satanic ?!!
@supersoakman1212 ik lol :)
8 people apparently don't like WoW
I am listening to this song and playing WoW at the same time.
dude their acting so serious like its the best song ever.
You rox' Paul Stanley !  <3
Paul is inspirational and has a great voice
Dawn (Manchester UK)
8 bitches that live to get fucked
south park made it amazing
@supersoakman1212 

lol, that's the reason I looked up the song. R u a WoW fan?
@ThePressBeats Nate Mortan
@nikosvak 7 now
1:43 ROFL!!! :DDD wtf with drummer?
hold me toch me and live to win the best songs of paul.
6 people wanna die as losers... sad
@fogz42 No it's not. Stop Mentioning his name here.
I like how he is using the band from Rockstar INXS.
Paul is the man, he has the talent, the looks, the voice, the body, the personality,he is a super dad, loves his wife, gives back to the fans..............what more can you ask for in a guy he can do it all and does, I suppose that is why I have always been a fan and always will be a fan..................love Paul and Kiss!!!!!!!
does any one notice this song is gayyyy!!!!
SOUTH PARK =D
Lol south park wow song xD
@jeanmalan "Mum, bathroom!!!"
The Lead Guitarist acts a lot like certain living Spuce Tree on stage.
South Park!!!
"We need to stay in the forest, killing boars..."
@Tekkenfreek234 What? Why?
@tomer20072 Shut up. Please. Don't ever make another comment again.
till u diiiieeeeeeeeeee
WORLD OF WAR FUCKING CRAFT !
Omg at 1:45, that has GOT to be THE happiest drummer EVER! xDDD
I wish Paul would do another solo tour,  I love to see Paul solo or with Kiss but he is just so relaxed and amazing solo, I think he should do his own clothing line also has great taste in clothes, the man is just talented!!
3 who disliked do not live to win
"I'm a paul Stanley fan" "Where did you first here about him?" "Southpark" "GTFO!"
Thumbs up if you actually new this before shows and other things used it. Thumbs up for KISS/Paul Stanley fans!
SOUTH PARK but even more BRING KISS BACK
@jvali10 I didnt meant to be rude or insulting, do not get me wrong. It is true thought that the music scene in USA is highly suffering from the industry.
It is sad that most of people know this song throught south park.

That explain a lot why americans lost their musical culture. Now all they know is commercial crap and Gangsta rap.
WORLD OF WAAAAARCRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFT + SOUTH PARK= OWNAAAAGE
I actually first heard this in a Solid Snake tribute
I wish Paul would do more solo concerts I think his voice is amazing,  I just think he is even more amazing solo, I also think he needs to have his own clothing line. The man just has it all what can I say, talent, looks, voice.
@ibeenthunderstruck WOW
i love paul I WANT YOUR BABIES jk lol
"they've gone up 50 levels in 3 weeks!"
"A hope?"
"A chance."
i don't like the begining but the rest is a pice of heaven!!!
Pretty good work for a guy who would never go to school. Kiai!
Another amazing performance from paul !!!!!!
@The50Pee It doesn't count cuz they're only worth 2 XP lol
the song sounded cooler in southpark. thumbs up for agree
the song sounded better in southpark. thumbs up for agree
that music makes me crazy>_< love so live to win!!!!!!!!!
@ibeenthunderstruck World of Warcraft xD
1 person llives to lose
@tomer20072 nope, sorry. haha.
why do those dude`s gotta sing with him??
that kinda ruins the song.
@tomer20072 Tumbs up if you Heard this One from being a BIG fan of Kiss.... AND SOUTHPARK! :D
This song is awesome in itself..

It is also the best WoW grinding inspiration.
@tomer20072 haha exactly :D
this is my new favorite song ya rock on!
hahahaah 1 person dosnt like this....... xDDD
GO SCARFACE WOO......
i am really sorry about the one he disliked the video:S
Fantastic
1 person lives to FAIL
@stompnd why?
Come on , 46 people saw it on south park ? I am disappoint.
@igot2wordsuckit 

cause he wrote it in the 80s
@tomer20072 
....sad day for you, 1 week ago....
LOL 1:45
Thumbs up if u heard this song in  South park episode:Make love not warcraft !!! ;)
@NelXerez im fucking a guy right now oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh he hit da spot! mhmmmmm orgasm!! oh oh ho ahhhhhhhhhhhh
@ NelXerez im fucking a guy right now oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh he hit da spot! mhmmmmm orgasm!! oh oh ho ahhhhhhhhhhhh
@tomer20072, Me too.
my vagina is wet and pouring with semen :D yummy :p
my vagina is wet and puring with semen :D yummy :p
put f5 to skip ad
liv to love this song
MOM MORE HOTPOCKETS!
awsome vid

iss that a gibson les paul? as its shape loooks odd
thumbs up in u first heard this in "make love not warcraft"!!!
better than kiss
Where did they film this? The Hammerstein Ballroom?
Great song!!
1 person didn't win >.>
@david5422 that bitch.
@david5422 lol its funny only one person dislikes this song cause they clearly dont live to win like us
@Xikez  some1 disliked it :(
LIVE TO WIN
Any closer to that microphone and his wife's going to accuse him of cheating.
i like how nobody disliked this video, lets keep it that way!
hehe i live to win but i usually fail XD
You know Gene Simmons son is embarrassed when he has to play bass in his band but he is always saying he rocks he is so cool my dad and always is front row of every kiss concert well not every but with a kiss shirt on and kiss cap
@GimmeMyMoney420 I heard it first time on South Park too :) And now it is one of my favourite songs!
What kind of music is this  ? It sounds a bit like Glam rock.
@gwb2012 Okee, vwieiw thanks for the info. cya!
Never Raid without it.
Did he leave Kiss or ........ im not realy getting. can some one clear it up for me?
This is my philosophy to life; Aspiring to things, settingg your goals, and just going for them and not letting any obstacles getting in the way of you accomplishing them.
You may not allows succed, but as long as you've failed on ur own terms...

You've Won
love this song +love this song more when she is in the south park episode
@MontageMan130 Co-lead singer of KISS. Gene and Paul split singing duties with Gene doing the vocals for the heavier songs and Paul taking the mic on the more pop orienented tunes. Paul sang most of the songs from the 80's though when KISS went more glam like most other bands from that era.
Wow, I can't believe I didn't make the connection before. He was the lead singer of "Kiss", and for all I know still is. I feel stupid.
@DarkeyesFX  Holy Shit, he looks strange with out make up and Gene with him
Wait is that Paul Stanley from KISS????
@noemikem fuck yeah Paul is a living LEGEND
live to win 111111111111
This man is a true legend. I just adore him. PAUL STANLEY ROCKS!
Yeah! Live! Yeah! Win!
Amazing KISS + Paul Stanley
