I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE! I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE! I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE! Because i'm already heated.
it's like if dumbfoundead became retarded hahahahahahahahahah
better cooking than peggy bundy!
• L O B B Y •
The piano part is my favorite part
should do a cooking show with how to basic while rapping simultaneously
that beat dropped harder than my sons balls at twelve knocks
I never knew filthy frank smoked
That Bridge is fucking god-tier.
like si vienes de WildHater v:
WHat an ARtist
bass :3
Poor japanese guy
;-; glorious 60 fps
This nigga got roaches
thats a masterpiece
lets all go to the lobby.
i tried making rice balls today it failed
KAKAKAKAKKAKA
.
nobody cared who I was until I put on the mask. I mean pink suit
i act retarded on stage then actually stick my finger in pusssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Can you make a video on what you look for in a voice recording and how you get the final product. It will also be great if you show how you get the lyrics to fit the beat so well. Thank you papa Franku!
dank beatsies👌
my kids love this song
My balls are rice balls
Thanks for the video, Chef Frank! I now have a decent source of food to make.
I want some rice balls now.
Nice bulge
Okay this is actually bomb
I feel like someone needs to really ask him if he is okay.
͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
jerk it of to my tities , pop it of on some gay shit.  that line had me dead
I hope he's not addicted to cigarettes
i eat rice balls.
just downloaded this. gonna bump it and see how many people recognize it. lol
pink gay nice
LO LO LO LOBBY
dududududpaaaa
speed 1.25 IS GOAT SPEED
PINK OR FRANK CAN U ACTUALLY COME OUT WITH A SINCER ALBUM ABOUT YOUR LIFE AND REAL TOPICS U HAVE GOOD PRODUCTION SKILLS AND A GOOD SINGING VOICE PLZ JUST FOR YOU LEGACY MAKE A REAL ALBUM PLZZZZZ IM A FAN OF YOUR MUSIC LIKE THAT HOOK ON FRIED NODDLES IS AMAZING
Why does he still live in an apartment when he gets a lot of views
I'm hungry for some rice now, like for real
fσυи∂ тнє ωєιя∂ ѕι∂є σf ιитєяиєт
Lets all go to the lobby? 0:00
Franku please teach me how to cook good rice -.- never works fo me
Fuck scale lab Pranks
"Let's all go to the lobby!"
B)
Better than lil uzi vert
When a guy under the name," FILTHY FRANK" has a cleaner house than u.
This man deserves 17 rice balls up his booty hole, cuz he more garbage than my left esophagus, WOOORDD!!!
with those glasses on he looks like     johnny depp
That's not how you open a fucking can
I feel like the shitty ass apartment adds to the aesthetic but at the same time I'm feeling really bad he has to live in that
reminds me of Tyler, The Creator this shit
this guy can spit fire
hell yah
4'666.666 subs? :v
Filthy Frank looks like a fucking yakuza
if an one wants 2 know the notes on bari are C then C# thats it
This has 11m views and he has 4m subs lol! I personally have watched this more than 100 times
deine mudda heiist iDubbz
this is basically Tyler the creator if he didn't take himself so seriously
Cool raps and do not need a microwave... thats swag
huh 12
Bought this on ITunes and watching it on YouTube....
all joke aside that beat was actually good
is it weird that i wanna make rice balls right now
Lyrics?
Someone told me that he's a rip off of pewdiepie
that ending though,  fucking deep shit
"..and then put fingers in pussies..."
Is that why ur called pink guy?
DAMN THIS BEAT THO
i actualy want to make rice balls now
is it me or does music from the internet sounds better
ohhh meee😎
that was definitely Max in the background.
the beat is sick af
good one man, keep it up
the beat of the song is cool but the lyrics are super messed up
lets all go to the lobby
Fucking Ricegum should take notes with this guy
Pink guy should be a legit artist. Like his songs should be on Spotify or some shit
The people who disliked this art are just angry white christian moms
11 million
yooo just hit 11mil
Im not into trap or rap but man why is Frank's music so motherfucking good
he's actually really gd at music rapping and singing 😂
You could've been a real musician with all the types of music you make and ur name could be filthy rich in not hating I'm just saying that could be your alternative for if your channel dies out
Franks cooking Chanel
they're going on a trip to place called auschwitz it's shower time little jewstein
beat hit harder than dad
this guy is a genius
Anyone heard the kotori remix?
I love you
THIS IS A NEW TYPE OF BADASS
LOB LOB L-LOB LOB LOB BE BE LOB L-L-LOB
Pink guy is the new metallica
Not 2 be mean but u should stop smoking,it could cause a lot of medical problems man!But have a nice day😄!
Bass dropped harder than my views
Those onigiris look damn good
That poor bath tub
I really like this song and this channel
why does his face and voice seem so much more mature, compare his face in this vid to any other and you'll see and compare his singing voice in this and any other song he's made
kotori remix is awesome
Pink guy..you bring light to what seems like everlasting darkness. Thanks dude.
Does Papa Franku actually smoke?
Filthy needs to roast ricegum
2:33 Fucking skills. it even landed on the wrong side and he had no reaction.
better than most shitty rappers
No! You deserve better amount of subs, frank! You should be on the top
the beat is sick
Were those real or fake cigarettes? They looked pretty good
should frank be pretty rich considering the views he gets?
fuck your dog i can smack att your teeth

and ill fuck you with the radiator pipe




what the fuck
何だこれwwwwwwwww
this song is more lit than A FIRE
Guess who has a new alarm clock "sound" :^)
nice tutorial
Am I the only one who get genuinely doesn't care for this song?
Anata wa kanojo o koroshita xD
Wonder if he was inspired by Tomppabeats and/or vice versa
This guy is so creative
#iwasbornintherightfuckinggeneration
What's the sample he used in the beginning
best song ever     i keep getting called disabled when im lisening to dis
This is gay
this is beauty
R I C E B A L L S
eeueueuueueeeeeee
YOU FUCKING SUCK!!!!
LOBBYYYYY
fuck, he is hung
WORLDWIDE KING OF MEMES <3
Should have got Tyler The Creator on this
0:32 Killer Whales lol
it's 1am, wtf am I doing
If pink guy makes a disstrack on ricegum...RIP
I just realized Joji's birthday is 9 days after mine.

cool.
Kind of Tyler the Creator-esque
suicid boys?
all the pussy goes to TVFilthyFrank
dooooooopppppppeeee
those are some good JELLY FILLED DONUTS
insert weebs getting triggered
wow you smoke that's the first youtuber that smokes I seen
your actally a very good rapper
"An act, not a role model" Please take this to heart, kids
I can't stop listening to this song
L E T S  A L L. G O. T O  T H E  L O B B Y 😂
but good
Japanese tyler the creator
Pink guy looks too much like a normal person with the goatee
This just goes to show the Japanese are weird,but we love it
I love how you have 4mill subs and this song has 10MILL views
Best song ever
*cig lands in mouth backwards casually turns it around and continues without making a face
the part of "fake music" it's pretty fucking genius
Öğrenci evleri (t)
I N V E S T I N G O N T H E S E L A R G E B A L L S
It must be hell to clean that house
My Spirit Animal
i need bleach for my rice
i love this
Does he actually smoke or is it like social smoking?
He's probably got rice balls
Pink life
cool
He makes great music videos there just a little bit RETARDED but excellent
I'm at school watching this, and it's great, very educational and helped me a lot with my work! I'll remember to add this video to my sources, so my teacher can understand beauty too.
i finally knew how to make rice balls smmfh
"I'm here to be an act, not a role model ..." Well, shit.
Hey guys please check out my music that I started working on due to being inspired by this madman
i was in the movie theatre yesterday and they started to play the intro
Rap and cook with filth my niggars
Trap remix
I love the last 87 seconds of this video. 2:35 - 3:22
I wonder how that cig..ash taste in your mouth
who else is now in the mood for rice
Looks like he lives in a shithole
Лукас если рушн мен
WTF MY JUGULAR VIEN STARTED PUMPING EXTRA HARD WHEN THE BEAT KICKED IN... IS THAT NORMAL?! 😧
This is easily one of the greatest beats I've heard.
Uhhh. 😶 I.. I'm gana.. uhhh.... I don't know what I'm gana do anymore
my balls actually became rice balls
this is what happens when you mix an amazing, edgy sense of humor with Ivy League intelligence  😍
Now i know how to make riceballs. Fuck you i make it everyday because of this shit
I got my GF to listen to 5 of your songs... I feel like I've concerned the world... now she knows the dumbshit that I'm into😂
Nicer Dicer
Worst tutorial ever. My rice balls turned out looking like shit.
yo he is lit af for using the "lets all go to the lobby" sample lol
At least there is 2338 people Daddy Frank fucked over XD
Spank me daddy
The most iconic he has been ever
I love people like this who are weird and funny af but also talented af
The hell he smokes and then in the rise
Esto me recordó a "I'm gay" :v
this is why china got bad global warming
I showed this to my grandma to show her where I learned to make rice balls lol
i dont know why but still watching this sh!t.
This a great video, let alone song.
Chorus song saucce?
"I'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses i'm running up in the premises helping you tie your nooses cause all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this you act retarded on stage and I put my fingers in pusses like oh"
1.5 speed is actually pretty good
this reminds me of odd future
1:34 the fuck is wrong with that chair.
Who composes this
Try Not to Rice Ball-ed!😲😂
Is he actually created this music
this song is so cute it reminds me of my bf omg #goalz
love it frank
SI CHIAMANO ARANCINE!!!!
you have lots of views and likes and you must get tons of money why do you have such a shitty house?
what do you really sound like... like truly, I'm a new subscriber...so I don't know what you actually sound like...
Why tf do people watch just to dislike?
Balls
who else finds him lowkey sexy
Kotori remix is better.


Cunt.
Kotori remix is better.


Cunt.
I actually followed what he was doing when I was in the kitchen haha.
1:23 Bmooooo, finn aint here! go look somewhere else
YAY! SOMEONE WHO ACTUALLY KNOWS HOW TO COOK RICE!!! (My mom is Indian.)
my favorite song now
I shall spare this pink jumpsuit wearing man a lecture on smoking as I doubt he gives a .... Thumbs Up :D
Wants to leave apartment and then can't because of how wrecked it is and then youtube carrier dies so then has to move in this apartment
Am I the only one who legitimately listens to all his music non ironically?
You're great Filthy Frank! ignore the hate comments 👍
anani skim paul jackson geldiğim yerlere bk
YOU HAVE A DA CANCER BOSS WHY SMOKE?!
Im a simple man i dont need a microwave! Fire man
the next eminem
1:11
my favorite anime song
Skitsafrania runs in my family


Oh shit I think I just herd something




Oh it was just the wall screaming
this is me if i lived alone.
im just masturbating keep scrolling
I now know how to make rice balls
tip; right click, then press loop. good game.
If I ever see pink guy in public doing pink things I will refer to him as the pink diddler.
man, i still listen to this shit and i still feel like filthy frank is one of the best rappers ive ever heard. Who else agrees?
giri boy
This shit is good
Pink guy lowkey sound better than fucking mumble rapers pink guy could be a rapper but he needs more serous lyrics LOL
Yo who got dem beef curdz & whey?
i'm here to be an act not a role model don't be fucking crying when i'm smashing your kid with a bottle
nice video
that looks like an Apartment you'd kill yourself in...
NOT BAD MFK
any fuckers hoo dont like this you are shitheads and a peehole
Real Fake Music, is that related to Real Fake Doors?
i always wonder if he has one apartment as a studio and another where he actually lives
You are awesome Filthy Frank!
One of my closest hoes asked me if I were to go for anyone who would it be, I said papa franku which is prolly why I wasn't able to smash
Keep it filthy muthafucka

Rap about Vault 7 Cicada 3301and the matrix
This guy eats a bowl of meth for breakfast every morning.
This is real music, slim Shady what you gotta say?
he doesnt need a microwave
does he actuaally live in that apartment
The beats really good :^)
onigiri is a game
I wish more people from my generation could appreciate this type of music.
thanks for teaching me how to make riceballs btw.
that was badass
Pink guy and Tyler, The Creator should make an album tbh 😂
WELCOME TO THE RICE BALLS
Hes type of person I would buy his album.





And i will.
You look alot better with that facial hair dude
Cum in my arse
Bars.
ohgh mem juubuse dis be meh reall goob danks
They were some delicious rice ballz  you have to admit.
Hey baws, can I habe the lyrics for this, please?
lit fam
The best cooking channel ever!
This is a good ass song
See ya next time
Make dog next
balls in my face
FilthyFrank made rap better
The lobby song is so frikin terrifying
"quote from the video we all watched"
Boss vid bro
I can't stop watching or listening to this on Spotify 😍
Francis of the filth you cheer me up when things are down. I listened to this and cried when my crush legit denied me. He banished my heart to the rice fields. now I'm just a henchman for chin chin.
"...a culinary....funny video..."
i am addicted to this song help
You are probably the only person on the PLANET who is just like me..
I've watched this 23 times today
Listen to this stoned it's funny as fuck
Your cooking tutorials are actually helpful. I'm gonna send this to my mom.
2:32 cause I'm from japan in the 1940s
He lights cigarettes like meh mum XD
If the rice ball broke the window I would've died
Anybody else think that he makes super good shit??
DEUTSCHLAND
if you dropped another album on itunes i would listen to that shit man
you inspire me to make yt videos . thank you
damn that ending was fire
#Riceballs
THEDARKLORDISHERE
Filthy furanku watashi wa gūguru hon'yaku de kore o hon'yaku shimashita
Love the beat
still sexually attracted to you, god damn it
I wonder how hard it is to clean up the messes he make after each video
I am sure that he is the founder of how to basic
Did I just hear "is that too rude" on the filthy frank show
Could  someone make an instrumental version? I want to do a cover but all the instrumentals are just loops of the bass track
I love how the advertisement I got for this video was "Be the generation that ends smoking" as he's smoking through the entire video.
Lobby
0:00> 0:10 same sound in outlast whistleblower :)))))
he looks like john lennon in a undercover pinksuit who trying to make atheism
what if he collaborated with tyler, the creator
l e t s a l l g o t o t h e l o b b y
I dont need my ควย คือไร
I was at the movies the other day, and when the "Let's all go to the lobby" thing came on, I honest to God expected it to start playing this.
Is that first scene in the bathtub a nod to Dalton Trumbo?
A year ago damn boi
i came from the ass
Is it wierd that the visuals thought me how to make rice balls
nothing beats a jelly filled donut
Welcome to the rice fields motherfucker
You watch chef?
I was born in the right generation
fuckit. pink guy is cooler than  me
this shit lit fam
Bruh I need this on spotify
That simple piano at 1:15 is so off, but fitting. it gives me a beat tape feel.
And after 2 years. He still uses the same apartment
Your kitchen looks nice.
teh sawng is intermishon by frank (god)freekid
Hanayo
My Japanese high school teacher wasn't very impressed and looked at my friends and me with quite a shocked impression after one of my friends said "Hey miss, Ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo" none of us had any idea of the real meaning or what it translated to in English all we knew is that Chin Chin the almighty lycra god said it quite a bit... Well, let me tell you that's the last time we say anything in Japanese that filthy frank says! 

- Great videos, keep it up Frank!
TBH I jus learned how to make rice balls
Like and i'll make everyone some rice balls
i love the way he raps but he use it 4 dumb stuff like this
flaky frank you lame flamenco
my brain capacity dropped drastically
0:30 "japaneez" its the best part xD
I have a problem...
Pink Guy has taken my bathroom hostage.
kocham moja dziewcxyne i jej nie ignoruje i poswiecam jej czas a nie ogladam glupie filmy bo ja kocham
He deserves a grammy awards
So this is who inspired my brother
better than tupac
oHOhoh does rice balls
Frank always looks like he lives in perpetual debt and his wife is leaving him for a guy called Estabon
This has 10 Million views
oops, I spilled my replays

0:00
0:00
0:00
0:00
0:00
0:00
0:00
0:00

You're welcome
I want this played at my funeral
filthy gives off that Tyler creator feel lol
Don't do drugs
THIS SONG IS SO RICE!!!
Just hit me...who's always filming with the camera in these video's...
I always come back to this vid <3
I was listening to botdf to see how much they suck...and i came back here for real gr8 music
I need a microwave
wow these jelly donuts are great
this is truly me shit now
where did this nigga got those glasses
ok.z
Welcome to the Rice Fields MotherFucker.....
would eat rice balls Papa Franku prepares

he doesn't need a microwave...he's already heated
that beat tho
he needs to make more of this shit its lit
That Bari Sax is orgasmic.
This nigga is Fye 🔥🔥🔥
"I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe"
Jesus the bass e.e
he actually looks hot in those glasses
low key fire
speed 1.25
L E T S A L L G O T O T H E L O B B Y
10 million views <3
fuck me up franku ily
Fact
Gordon Ramsay and Julia Child ain't got shit on Pink Guy
I'm in love with this fucking album
Steal his look:
1970's Round Hippie Glasses
Classic Zentai Suit Pink Full Bodysuit Halloween Costume
certainly livens up a night shift at walgreens.
THE BASS IS UNREAL
men who cooks >>
10/10 would listen to it on Spotify
This video taught me how to make rice balls,  i forgot the lyrics
i will hitler was alive to kill those 2.244 dislikes !
kinda sounds like redfloo
1:12
2:25 is my wallpaper
what does he use to make the song, what program?
2:32 is that EroldStory?I swear I heard "That's not funny!" in "The struggles of having glasses" wow
Filthy frank is my favorite anime
franku why does mummy smoke doesnt she know it is bad for her i will show her your other videos and she will be scared when she hears your throat cancer wont she
Gay
i watched that video, now i am a chef.
The beat in the beginning was so lit
Honestly favourite Pink Guy track
Pink Guy can make music out of anything from Weeaboos to Uber Pussy to the AMC "Lets go to the Lobby" shit so I'm making a song called "White Toothpaste is my Cum"
Can't this guy afford a better place? 😭😭
Frankypooh, i want to have your babies. #nohomo
I got bass boosted earphones 👌🏻.
does he smoke
Frank is better than all the modern rappers ive heard
Clean your fucking house. What's wrong with you?
donald trump should eat deez rice BALLS
im this guy in the future
played this in my car and seized when the bass started
damn this is so good. i think there's something's wrong with me
CСУКА КОМЕНТЫ НА ЖИДОМАССОНСКОМ
I just wanted to know how to make rice balls
"Mini golf champ and you got no drive"

REKT
かつたブログ
thus is the best of filthy frank
CHOPPED UP GHOST - HARNESS
HE ALREADY HEATED.... OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Pink Omega is badass...
🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙
this is hot
respect the food bruh...
This guy makes smoking look cool
Nice 💋
He's a badass weird Al. Only...amazing.
I LOVE YOU DADDY YOU SOUND SO GOOD FUCK ALL THE H83RZ 😤😤😤👅💦💦👏🏽👏🏽🙌🏾🙌🏾🤡🤡😭😭😭😝😝
I only work with paper like a fax machine.
Mini golf champion, you got no drive playa.
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog, I can smack E.T
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Hook]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 2]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday"This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)
Fucking awesome filthy, I got mixed up with Fried noodles and rice  balls, but these songs are awesome, please make more
dank?
Daddy
is cringe rap a thing?
Is filthy frank gay or does he just make gay videos to be funny? 😂no hater tho I luv this guy
i love reverb
dis is so chill daaang
his apartment makes me uncomfortable
dat nut shot tho
10mil views Yuhh
My dad fought a pink guy at the parking lot yesterday!
Love the song !!
Fuck this generation! All this new shit and "wrapping." Especially this Skrill-shit bull crap. What is it called? "Dubstep?"
Dope ass beat but not good lyrics lmao ( I love these songs just they waste the beast on these songs)
anyone listening to this in 2017?
your music is the best
Swag level infinity
Frank should rap battle all the mumble rappers and end their reign once and for all.
Is it ok if i use this song for my gayporn lets play plz franky dad
filthy frank has officially reached god level rap
no wonder his house is trash.. XD
esse cara é doente e demente mas muito engraçado
Like a howtobasic video but cooler
pink tyler the creator
note to self , come back for captions (Youtube hero)
he actually has a nice voice he can rap ,he makes good music
do more shit like the 👌👌lit lit lit
I don't think Frank will ever get a girlfriend... the only person he has a chance with is Idubbbz
COME TO BRAZIL
Is this actually his home?
Is it weird that I think watching people DJ is entertaining.
I only listen to real music.
Chorus are fucking amazing
damn this is the best song in history
I am now capable of making rice balls.
i love you pink guy
STFU
ye 
cunt
omfg wow 4.3mil subs I've been with frank for bellow 1mil
he's favorite song he's made
Can anybody please tell me what is the name of the Glasses he's wearing?
Yes, I'm doing a pink guy cosplay
1.25 speed :O
Damn his voice is so appropriate 
he's good, like this track
I actually chill in my bathtub sometimes without water in it and just get on my phone and my laptop and hang out.
They should him on master chef
this is the best beat ive heard in forever...
4kids made it donuts :/
When you sit it a broken chair listening to frank eating stale dollar tree food..... you know you're life is at a all time high
who thinks franks gonna die young because of all the crazy-ass shit he does in his MV's?
best song . make me dance XD
I like that it is on YouTube
Make some music with Tyler the creator
AAAAYY 10MIL
I feel vibes of Tyler the creator lool if he gets a crew I'm calling OF
10 million views
10.000.000views  Ladies
congrats on 10mill boyo
10 mils
Damn boy 10 mil, blessed
Not going to lie this song is actually good
10 mil
10 million view congrats papa franku
10 MIL!
t e n

m i l l i o n
10 mil fellow chromosomes!
10 million boi
10 MILLIONS, FUCK
Shit....60 fps...


This footage can cure cancer
Long road to 10mil

Next up 10 mil subscribers
10 MILLION BOIS
10 mil!
Happy 10 Mil on this video Pink Man
I don't want to be the weeaboo but he forgot that little square of sea leaf that is usually on the rice ball when depicted in Anime xD
I'm so proud of Frank
my nigga got this to ten million views, fucking crazy
CONGRATZ ON 10MIL VIEWS
wow 10M Views :>
Who here from Franks ten mil tweet?
10M views. Nice.
10 MIL here we go boysss boosting this guy up!
10 million! Yeeeee
I was here for that 10,000,000th view
rice balls > ricegum
But you are a role model. Your approach to life, the way you carry yourself and your talent is exactly why I love your videos.  For just a brief moment I want to take an opportunity to be serious with you. You're fucking incredible and an inspiration to me. 

Thanks dude.
I love the editing lmao
Filthy Frank I can't seem to find your boner
The Ray Snipes version is better
i really wish i had a group of friends were we could all just make weird ass shit like this without judging each other
why does he remind me of Bo Burnham?
Now I know how to make rice balls... first you cook the rice then you gas the jews
Say what you want, but when he goes on the beat, he doesn't have to prove anything...

1:10 CHILLS.
PINK OMEGA
I have the same fucking chair
Almost 10mil views
He smokes! Since when
Make a song about being edgy
How to make Rice Balls with Farnku
10mill views ♡
Almost 10 mil
do u actually smoke?






cancer
Hello
fluffybooru anyone?
I want Pink Guy to be my father
I always put cigarette ashes in my onigiri too ¯\(ツ)/¯
2:11 Heeeyyy, thats pretty good
ouch the base at the begining hurt my ears with head phones on
If Pink Guy invited you to a dinner party, what would you expect to happen?
how can this lovely guy live in that house?..
is it me or does filthy Frank know how to cook?
is it weird i like this song ?
I'd like the old Frank back
actually a pretty good song. like a du fuc
the vibe i was getting was tyler the creator not gonna lie...
U smoke?
Whos Watching This At 9:11 ?
does he smoke or some Thing because if so ... that explains everything about him
Huaw
10/10 will die for it!
Best of pink season before it even came out.
BMO: FINN FINN FINN FINN FINN
his songs remind me of tyler the creators song, they are pretty good and still different from all other rap
1:11 till 1:34 was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard
did something happen to him in japan that made him like this? sign me up
Wait did Pink Guy just say he only ACTS retarded? 1:19
now im ready to die
This beat is adult swim quality.
Go Suicide Frank
This is what happens when pink guy has most of his chromosomes.
No runnng in my lobby!
is that his real house
When youre going to the lobby and it gets lit
where can i get these glasses?
Pink guy can only speak English when it's in a song
Thank you Frank. I now know I'm making riceballs wrong.
no more knee gars in supply
2:08-2:13
Try not to get satisfied challenge
bro get a microwave ;]
🌹♡
please god let someone make a filthy frank movie
I think I just found my soul mate
is it bad that i actually like this song?




pIz dun7 qu35t3n m3
whos the one singing?
What brand of cigarettes  does he smoke?
sick beat
i will never drink a lot of fucking whisky and ask fucking google where is the fucking truth you cunt...........now fucking where is the fucking truth you cunt google no......
I listen to this while I play meinkraft
filthy Frank and Tyler the Creator  😨 epic
If you comment filthyfrank on any podcast you will automatically get 5000 likes
Yo franku check out my mixtape fam i spit some real fire
I now know how to make rice balls
Holiday Mini- Golf for the win
😡😡😡😡😒😟😟😟😔😔😔😞😞😞😞😞😞 stupid
Pink Guy makes smoking Fucking cool.
That guy with 4.3m subscribers live in that house?
So beautiful...
this shit helps
figthy frangkuu bist animi siriee tu dete
great tutorial frank thanks!
the beat is fucking fire
now thats a real man
what a fucking master guys, Awesome ahaahhahahahaaha
This video taught me a lesson




I would actually eat that
This is so cool, I think I hear a opportunity
no homo
eat me senpai xdddddddddddddddd
he made the beat for this when he was 16 and here I am at the same age having no talent whatsoever
Spice
Nice RiceBallls.........
internet gone wrong
This creature is an 'Gay'...i think so
Dude I love your "I don't give a fuck" style.
can someone pay off my cocaine debt please? I owe 80 on the 20th and I dunno....
Pink Jesus.
Best pink guy song ever heard so far. I listened to the pink guy album and pink season.
La- LaLa Be-Be
To be honest. I have a friend who acts like pink guy. Got me to wonder if he is going to be some 2nd Pink guy. But I don't think so...
hjo
actually fire
honestly a very good song (no homo tho)
🍚 balls 🍚 gum
Dude really made this beat at 16 years old
1:12 is absolutely godlike
The production level, mua, precisely
L E T S  A L L  G O  T O  T H E  L O B B Y
why would someone fuck somebody with a fucking radiator pipe !
I love you PAPA FRANKU
Rice fields
love the backing track
Lets all go to the lobby, and eat some rice balls, you small balls, looking like the Japanese.
this is literally better then most rappers in this gen
This shit is actually dope
Yooooooooooo Japanese guy you can have my bitches
i m actually hungry after seeing this video...........................
You should have a fucking music award like MTV, this is awesome
What kind of rice did you use frank?
Thinking of pink guy as a hip hop artist instead of a monster is weird lol
おにぎり🍙
when you hit fucking 9.69 mil views
when that beat dropped my parents separated
This sounds like something tyler the creator would make
so pink
......Wew. He smokes.
daddy
i wonder how many christians reported this video... not joking yo
Him and how to basic need to meet
I live in a constant state of fear and misery
I love pink guy.
I can't wait for someone to make a channel like this called "filthy female" or something where it's girl versions of each of them
I JUST KNOW IT'LL HAPPEN
Ich liebe Schmutziger Frank. <3
1:10
Ping ping ping ping
i wish he made his real music, because its actually very good.
filthy frank ft. rich chigga plssss
i used this video as a cooking tutorial...
All the gay kids listening to Macklemore when there are real rappers that aren't gay like Eminem and pink guy is pretty damn good if I do say so my self!
is this sampled from how you like me now - Hopsin ft. SwizZz
Pink Omega so hawt
I want to eat that shit and then suck Frank's dick. Or the other way around, IDC.
can we just acknowledge the fucking amazing beat, amazing ass beat machine, his macbook and keyboard and just the fucking fact he's amazing than most artists on the radio .. FUUUCK
you're howtobasic
Nice Beat Bro
is it me or is Jim Norton saying at the end "that's not funny "?
Sick beat.
Is he singing about jelly donuts?
I'd listen to this to fall asleep tbh like it isn't bad at all
you fuck. up. that apartment dude. you must just pay for the place to use for vids.
Choke me.
When people ask what kind of music I like: ^
Mixtape lead to the soundcloud
Lit
i'll fucking  kill yu nigga
I use this song to study xD
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers
I'm just tryna scramble these fuckers
Pink Guy needs to publish a cookbook.
Let's all go to the lobby
That bass though, holy shit
I think I just turned gay o.o
That's some nice monologue in the end. As a fan of frankjavcee and PC music, i really appreciate when people accept there are no rules as to what's "real" or not. I just hit it or not, and i think that's really how everyone could fully appreciate art or whatever it is - this is the ultimate no prejudice, no need for categorisation or putting it in a genre box
I love jogi 😂
he makes some dope mixes actually
When is the Filth gonna clean his place?
I need a man that can do both




cook and rap simultaneously
When you actually learn how to cook stuff
I want to donate to get him out of that shit hole. He deserves better
Frank can have ten million views a vid and still be considered a Niche.
Pls, what's the name this cloth..
Pause the vid
Press 3
Press L
Play
Whats ur guys favorite Pink Guy song? Mine is Kill Yourself
why
Like if pink guy is yo negro
why does he remind me of tyler the creator
Why do I actually like this.
i sat in my car, put this song on so loud and turned the bass up to full ngl i came
Let's all go to the lobby!
TEXT THE AUTHORITES!
He should make a cookbook.
Clean your filthy fucking house
FilthyFrank and Frank Yang collab soon?
i think people want music they can listen to without thier parents thinking they're a disappointment
literally a better Tyler the creator.
those bars are fire but his flow is wack
All hail pinkguy
I'm moist.
He should start a cooking show.. Oh wait
Sounds like Josh Martinez
this sht is fire wtttfff
goooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave - Pink Guy 2k15
I'm not gay but I'd let him ravage my buthole
Do I need to add salt and extra water to the rice while it's steaming?
Pink guy looks really badass here.
Anybody who knows if the piano part is sampled and where it's from? :)
Cuzao frango puto desgracado
2:25
This should be on Spofty
2:14 I was inspired by Papa franku, so I smashed a kid with a bottle.
Is this copyrighted?
This is sum kawality music
two years ago, and its still the best song
0℅ bitches
0℅money
0%drugs
100% talent
a li la lu
Just realized that the sound at 1:23 is BMO saying finn from adventure time :O
Does anyone else watch these and use them for food tutorials while listening to the song?
This is my favorite song. PINK OMEGA "WHATEVER THE FUCK" U LEGEND
I was born in the right generation :v
& people used to say yung lean was weird lmaoo
🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍙🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚
Why the fuck is this actually good
can we have a ofwgkta pink guy collab
We need an album
Make an diss track on ricegum
This song is FIRE
"Mini golf champion you got no drive"
this is actually so good thank u filth king
the bass on this song is godly!
see you next time markiplier
you'd think with 4m subs he can my a new house but I guess not
this is probably the best song on pink season, this, dumplings or the one is Japanese lmao
I love the piano chill beat at 1:12 . Does anyone know any other music that sounds like that?
omg hes such a dick
La la lobby by
Chinese Balls.
love your music mate
never nuke a country twice
I wish I wouldn't need a microwave
Why is all of the comments have anime profile pics
Your a legend mate!
i approve this.
Pink guy knows how I feel
I clicked on this expecting a meme, and i got a good music instead 😂😭
oh no he has the mixtape disease
Hey boss can I have a da pussy plz
Why are people talking about frank and how his voice is different? this isnt frank its Pink Omega nigga
Lowkey where did he get the glasses
beanbeanbeanbeanbeanbeanbean
i was born in the right generation
what camera is he using??I want to get a camera like datt
This song goes hard.
I legit learned how to make rice balls off this.
i learned how to  cook rice balls from this vid so i believe its educational
amo esse homem
what would we do without papa frank?
Pinkdick. You said call you whenever i want lol
the goat
ok i found my favorite song... :D
Folks dead inside? Yup that's me
I actually named my stean acc. Pink Omega and his face as my pic before watching this vid. I am not joking

No one would care so stfu
you should do a song with Tyler The Creator. you both say nigger like it's nothing you both get really fucking funny and creative with lyrics
i just wanna clean your flat
this guy. love the new dimensions!
FILTHHHHH
the beat is actually so good
the music videos are so kooky, like some fractured version of reality where everything is the same as yours yet something is totally off and you just can't put your finger on it. Or in its pussy.
Okay even I have to admit this sounds so cool
is that franks real voice? If so damn he has one sexy voice
I CAN FEEL THE BASS ON MY CHEEKS
max doesn't have shit on theses beats
You taught me how to correctly make rice balls!!! They were delicious.
this is better then most music
can u make me rice balls over a candlelight dinner u fagget?
thankz
White people cant ra--
0:11 my dream studio
Me to xD
dude his food songs are🔥🔥🔥
play 2 at once
Dis Guys Talks About In His Songs Kill Ur Self And No Life But He Has A Small Ass Condo And A Low Life
who else hears him pumping a shotgun?
this song reminds me of "Dumplings", that was lit!
Welcome to the terradome,
The upper eschalone invested on these large balls,
I got these pussy bitches whaling like the Japanese, killer whales humpbacks and these narwhals,
I'm just trynna strangle these fuckers(x2) 
I'm just trynna strangle these
This the beat blop,
You make the beat flop,
Breathing more kush in than the seat got,
So we got the beat droppin harder than your sons balls at 12, 
not to mention that we harder than viagra with the big cock,
I'll fuck you in the mouth again,
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo I be hearin shit,
So don't be fuckin me cuz bet your ass I'm hearin it,
When I get done with you I'll make sure that you're celibate, (ewwww)
Fuck you dog I can smack out your teeth,
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe, (what is that too rude?) 
I'm a Fuckin nuisance,
 with different types of abuses,
I'm running up in the premises,
Helping you tie your nooses,
Cuz all of you fucks are clueless,
And do not know how to do this,
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses like oh, like oh (oh, oh)
I fuck around for money like a camwhore,
Jerk it till my titties poppin off ON SOME GAY SHIT! 
I fight your dad in the parking lot and or,
Beat their fucking teeth in cuz they RAISED SHIT,
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday." 
This ones for them folks who be dead inside, 
Mini golf champion you got no drive playa,
Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline, 
I only work with paper like a fax machine,
I'm on the cars hood screaming like a mammal,
Whippin through the flannel, 
Burn out ash on my chest with the camels, 
I'm here to be an act not a role model,
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle,
I'm just chillin makin rice balls,
Ereyday,
I'm a simple man I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave(x4)
Cuz I'm already heated (that's not funny) 

God that was time consuming. If I don't get at least a thumb for that I'm killing myself.
budwiser can suck dicks
@1:10 that switch up tho 🔥💦
hot
glad phily D showed me this. love the jams,but I feel like I need to watch all your vids. to get what's going on.
i actually like this song
fuck this is good !
Is that maxmoefoe that's says, "that's not funny"
art
gdamn clipping from the "la" looping
Me you faggots
this is art
the terror done
I heard killer whale. You plannin' some collab shit with Keith Ape?
How many tries did it take for him to catch a cigarette in his mouth by flipping the pan?
i fuck bitches to this song
it actually takes skill to make rice balls like that, gordon ramsey told me
i would let this butthole finger my guy
ITS BEAUTIFULLY CUT
This is real music
1:11- 1:33 that beat transition is so fucking clean, gave me Madlib vibe
This guy has talent
Oh god..............................
"mini golf champion, you got no drive playa" holy shit.
Them donuts look great, jelly filled r my fav, nothing beats a jelly filled donut
How old is frank actually?
Sounds like he sampled the beat from teach me how to dougie
I love u music
Bringing u da next generations of music
People talkin bout his beats but damn i'm just focusing on how good of a cook he actually is
This is my favorite cooking channel
Yeas mother fucker
Honestly my favorite song
Wait this is a little more than a year old..... 

wat?
Lol that sample almost sounds like its say Raw Beef instead of Lobby 
Which makes it even funnier
hes made so many cigarette vids i bet hes physically addicted to cigarettes now
Franku thiccc af tho👅💦💦
._. this shit is so weird i dont understand wht is life
Teenagers think smoking is cool because of Papa Franku...
"I FUCK AROUND FOR MONEY LIKE A CAMWHORE!" 
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I'm a cannibal, and I wanna know if you can use something "more alive, fresh with flavor" ingredients in this fine Italian dish?
Son: DAAAADD! I found pubes in my rice balls!
Dad:That's no surprise! ...




I found rice on my balls.
I wish I was half as cool as him
So far it was one of tr most hygenic foods he made until the cig
Lol animation show intro that's that's a classic I also love the my anus is bleeding video
I now know how to make rice balls. Thank You Frank
1:54
2k people need to kill themselves
this shit low-key lit tho🔥🔥
this is dope
I wanna eat rice balls now
Cancer
Anyone else learned here how to make rice balls?
2:36 No one acknowledges that he insulted half his retarded fans base right there
i have hep a
god i love that baritone sax in the beat. did you sample that or how did you make it? do you know someone who plays bari, you got to do it?
MAKE AMERICA PINK AGAIN
What does papa frank using for make this awesome beats ?
Dude filthy frank needs to be real musician like we need him to be on the radio
this is actually good
RICE BALLS!!!!!!!!!!!!
these arnt rice balls they are jelly filled donuts they are my fav nothing beats a jelly filled donut
Wer ist aus Deutschland? ^^
im 11 and i like this music
Diabetes type 2
fireman: how do we stop a fire 
pink guy: put pause on my mixtape 
fireman: shut the fuck up pink guy
That's a dirty ass apartment lmao
Stop smoking It's not good for u
Wtf
Frank is the guy you'll wanna be if you aspire to be a rapper
One of your best recipes 👌👌
Did I just hear BMO
WHATS WRONG WITH THE WORLD MAMA!?
When he start fingering the "rice ball" i kek'd
Frank your voice is f#ing awesome please make me music
1:12 When sh*t gets good.
he actually made rice balls lol
my brother reeks of dried up cum, old spice mixed with vodka and cologne
mhhmmmm a classic
Favorite song pink guy ever made.
LOL at family oriented Subaru commercial at beginning
the things that Frank does just blurs the line between artistic and autistic
He made this beat when he was 15.
Harambe deserved to die. :)
These donuts are great! Jelly-filled are my favorite! Nothing beats a jelly-filled donut.
His face when he says "big cock" with the cigarette gets me every time.
watch out Dad, i`ve found him, Vincent Cyr he will find you, and he will kill you. Meet me in the Rice Fields at 3:47 am in the dream realm and i shall protect you.
Imagine intead of a snowball fight, a rice ball's one.
All Vegans cries XD
Kasteaure.
u suck
I can't wait until I live on my own so I can blast this shit at like 3 AM.
i love you you're my childood imaginary friend you're a fairy ........ NIGGA
2:37 The best part
XD
onigiri is a really fun game
How do you keep your house/apartment clean?
yoooooo frank you really can drop the fucking beat
yeah I believe he made this at 16
It's sad that he's not in YouTube rewind.
Who needs a fireplace when you got Pink Guy.
OMG 2:39 This is what I'm talking about !!
shit man you got it
you crazy frank xD keep it real hahaha I love it.
Only song I like from this sick bastard
The YouTube comments on this channel are out of control
One guy said he's let Frank stick a finger in his stanky butthole
Another fool saying Pink Guy makes smoking look so fucking cool
Yeah let's see how cool you are when you're hacking up a lung and find blood in your stool
pink guy is fokin cool
This is so fucking good.
1:11 *instant boner
we can all agree frank is a better rapper than slim jesus
After listening to a lot of filthy frank songs

He's a better rapper than a lot of today's rappers
It was a matter of time before he sold out. what a shame happens to the best. at least we still have his classics. I miss this pink guy
this masterpiece is why i started making my own cringy beats
the beat is so fire lol
best rice balls tutorial ever!😂😂
it s awsome
how the fuck do you come up with these shit?!
why don't you make some real music?
9M
Fuck Eminem Papa Franku is the real shit
In love with his face at :37 xD
Soundcloud brought Me here.
PLEASE GO ON TOUR
Music style reminds me a little bit Tyler, the creator
taught me how to make riceballs..thnx <3
We want real music, we want real music.  ;-; 😂
This track has glimpses of Chloe Burbank. It makes me tear a bit.
Who is the singer?
3:03 onigiri vs cig
We fall again
i now know how to cook rice
This beat....damn.
1:12-1:34 is the chillest part
Damn, I lowkey like Pink Guy's music. Like actually it's unironically kind of fire.
🍙i dont need a microwave🍙
It's so wrong... I mean his cooking techniques
Him blowing the smoke and smiling with the glasses on and the cigarette in his mouth reminded me of Leon the Professional, lmao.
Can I pay pink guy for sex plz.

pls give me da ass boss
Getting triggered cos YouTube is unlike all my videos so I have to go back through al of filthyfranks videos and relike all the videos I liked
Welcome to the rice field motherfuckers
Huelcome to the teledome
beat is fucking dope
WHY IS PAPA FRANKU BETTER THAN EVERY OTHER RAPPER
2:38 best ganster
1:45
I wouldn't trust this guy with my weenie hoe
If you go on tour please come to seattle
please make more music .... its the shit.... come on.... please we wanna see more music
that stove has been through a lot
I drop to this x
🔥🔥🔥the album tho
TÜRKİYE' den SA
I thought pink guy couldn't cook
I'm concerned that he might actually live there.
Who else hears the sexy bari sax in the background
I love it so much.
This beat is TooDamnFilthy
He landed the cigarette in his mouth backwards
is it me or this beat is made out of a happy wheels sound effect???
this beat is my favourite beat bw
I get that the songs are for comedy purposes but they sound legit as fuck, Pappa Frank you are the man
this is my shit,
brendonyoulden
This beat is so fuckin' heavy
best Jojivlog yet, gotta say.
REAL MUSIC YAY
Frank's real voice and rapping personality (probably closer to his real one) is better than his filthy raspy one.
What the fuck he made the beat when he was 16
this reminds me of earl sweatshirt. something about the beat
Hey, that's pretty good.
This song is so good in my opinion that I put this on my anime playlist lol 😂😔😅
ALL HAIL LORD FRANK
did i just learned how to cook onigiris?
How is his singing different from him speaking?
Best tutorial of rice balls EVER
-He can cook
-He is funny
-He sings
-He is strange

I want to marry him ;w;
y'all who are saying this shit is "actually good" are throwing disrespect at papa franku. like no shit its good. dont look at it as comedy look at it as a fucking sick track.
buy pink season on iTunes
this man gives 0/10 fucks
You should do a song with lil dicky.
Tbh Frank's a good rapper and surprisingly enough a good cooker too
loby
reminds me of odd future
okay the lyrics are obviously for comedic effect but that beat is fucking insane
the piano part should be beat on it's own 
so
ｅｍｏｔｉｏｎａｌ
these anti smoking ads are getting out of hand
He looks like John Lennon.........
Now this is music.
I write raps
filth wanna join channels.... im pretty crazy...Hahaha... trust me... you is what I do daily without trying
This was not only a great song, but was also a fucking lit cooking tutorial.
Love the beat at 1:12
i would eat anything filthy frank has ever made. (including hair cake)
coming back to this cuz he said he produced this when he was 16
straight fire
Damn this song is fucking good
Hes unreasonably attractive
so fucking bad lol
This is lowkey hikey lit
It's actually a rice ball recipe.
oh shit i've never rinsed rice!!!
he made this beat when he was just 16
He apparently wrote this when 16, that's pretty good huh
The reactions you get playing this in a car with the windows rolled down are priceless. I suggest everyone try it
ОХУЕННО
he made this beat when he was 16??
still fine though.... zipper head or not. He's way too hot for his own damn good.
Humor aside, his music is incredible. I love it. I can't stop listening it it.
Something has to be wrong with me. I find this weird and hilarious asshole strangely attractive. Even/especially his ridiculous faces and noises. I would rape him sooo hard in the face.
He produced this beat in one day when he was 16
We need to smoke together. The same one. On both sides. You eat my smoke ash's
I don't like rap but this is good.
if he made serious music it would be so good
you and rich chigga should collab
bro his house is so fucking dirty worse roommate everrrrrrrrr
I don't need a microwave.
Tyler the creator collab
Is no one going to acknowledge who much of a musical genius he is
did he say he needed a microwave? I can't tell.
Killer frank
Can their please be a lyric video
Is the voice franks actual voice
At 1:27 you look at the bottom you see that he tried to do a waterbottle/beer flip challenge but failed
I was thinking I can't decide whether I like the gritty rap or the soulful music more.. but then I remembered I don't have to choose, found a guy that can do both. Your music helps me relax, both kinds. Thank you, dude.
Can you do a video where you teach us about the equipment you use and where you get samples from
the beat is so goooooooooooood 





lyrics ate shit tho
Can i have an instrumental version for an edit?
10 out of 10 true japnese
can i just say that onigiri is freaking delicious
I have the same glasses
xur I owe me I paid u enough for three of coins and i didn't get is it u hentai squid face fuck lol
Omg, Frank you are starting to show symptoms of INTERNET RAPPING!!!!!!!!!!
is that a microkorg XL?
Every time pink guy cooks, he has to make good songs as well.
You should collaborate with childish gambino... you'd make amazing music tbh
how the fuck those he have such a good voice 😲
Sou o único BR que escuta isso todo dia ??
Thanks for the recipe, stuffed my rice balls with diarrhea
hahaha
If you get your albums onto actual CDs or even vinyl, I'd invest.
I actually use your songs as food tutorials
So fucking happy its on iTunes now
I wonder how funny this would be without any music??? Plz make a second one like that it would be hilarious
This was over a year ago.... felt like it came out a month ago. what?
fukin pink teletubbie ...bro i always hated that fuker
[Intro]
Let's all go to the lobby
Let's all go to the lobby
Let's all go to the lobby
To get ourselves a---

[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog, I can smack E.T
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Hook]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 2]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday"This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)
Filthy frank, I think I love you. ☺😂😍🤞🏻
1:46 best part
Bitches act like they dont rub their clits to this song
Welcome to the terror dome,
The upper echelon investing on these large balls.
I got these pussy bitches wailin' like the Japanese,
Killer whales, Humpbacks , and these Narwhals.

I'm just tryin' to strangle these puckers,
I'm just tryin' to strangle these fuckers,
I'm just tryin' to strangle these,

This the Bleep Blop,
You make the beat flop,
Breathin' more kush than the seat got
so we got the beat drop and
harder than your son's balls at 12 not
to mention that we harder than Viagra with the big cock.

I'll fuck you in the mouth again,
I'll let you know that I'm a schitzo so I be hearin' shit, 
so don't be fuckin' me cause bet your ass I'm hearin' it, 
when I get done with you I'll make sure that you celibate.
(Eewwww)

Fuck your dog I can smack E.T.,
and I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe, huh.

(What is that too real?)

I'm a fuckin' nuisance with different types of abuses,
I'm runnin' up in the premises, helpin' you tie your nooses,
Cause all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this,
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses like oh.
Like oh.
Oh.
Oh.

I fuck around for money like a cam whore,
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some GAY SHIT.
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
beat their fucking teeth in cause they raise shit.
You sound like.

I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday.

This one's for the folks that be dead inside,
Mini-Golf champion, you got no drive playa'.
Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline,
I only work with paper like a fax machine, uh.
 
I'm on the cars hood screamin' like a mammal
rippin' through the Flannel burn my ass on my chest plated camels.

I'm here to be an act, not a role-model,
don't be fuckin' cryin' when I'm smashin' you kid with a bottle.
I'm just chillin' makein' rice balls everyday,
I'm a simple man, I don''t need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave.

(Cause I'm already heated.)

(That's not funny.)
This is too good.
What if u get a  boner in that really thin suit :))) i would love that
Pink omega
you make eminem look like rice gum
This is some good shit, put it on spotify plz
Your beats so sick I orgasm how do you make those beats damn
I hope he doesn't live there he has 4,000,000 subscribers and can't buy a descent home I'm pretty sure that if you get that much likes and views that's enough money to buy a decent home pleas do papa franku
jup this guy is retarded 
somebody make a vid with a swear counter on this
and somebody make a vid about stfu with a counter that sais how many insults he made about shit you should not make insults about
your just smoking to look cool
learn to rap bitch
looks like it smells bad in there.
x1.25 way better
one of the best song intros you have ever made dude.. I liked how you made it like you were just tuning the beat and then that first line with the greetings and after that the high pitched rhyme "shit" "in it" all that worked to make a really good intro man I hope we see that again somewhere. I know this is an old video but I keep coming back here just for that intro
the bass is too strong
This song expands my mind.
Laik
Papi tu no sabe lo q dise... ya yo tengo mucha cicatrise
hahaha when he reaches down in dramatic slow-motion and ashes his cigarette in the rice as it's cooking, I almost pissed myself laughing. Like "how can this get any filthier.. ahh okay there we go" xD
I'd eat his rice 😏
i finally got the wading Japanese joke
Pussy boss
lol do he clean?
Can anyone help with what those piano chords are in the bridge?
Somebody watching at 3-January-1,000,000?
i'm hungry…
fuck, im hungry now...
The bass is so great, that if I put a bass boost on it just distorts.
How come you have so many subs but live in a tiny flat?
When you realize franku actually just taught us how to make rice balls to some badass music
Honestly this beat is sick as fuck lol
isn't onigiri an online game
bALLS
Lo by, lo lo lo by, lobybbb
yessir
This is very good.
hey b0ss this is scrumptious
The beat dropped harder than my balls at 16 :(
This guy definitely listens to eyedea
do anybody know his equipment for making the beats?
It is the family receipe
I'm kinda obsessed with Pink Guy's music. *blushes*
This is real music.
Best pink guy song yet
this may be a wierd channel but it's got some 🅻🅸🆃 music.
this is a beattttt
post modern surreal multidisciplinary multi cultural art
Can we talk abt how visually appealing all his videos are? He's legit hella talented
I thought those were called donuts.
real form of OG Drake without Exshit
got this is the cure to life
Beat sounds like nujabes and he is a Japanese dj lmao
Franky looks like my cousin lol
First comment for 2017 on this video. I guess
I will always be wondering what they are going to the lobby to get themselves some of.
1 year
whats up with the half chair at 1:29
"BAD INTERNET RAPPERS" just kidding though this is pretty gooood
I want to be a pink guy
So close to 4 million
is that how u really make rice balls
Who listing pink guys music before 2017??????
Does anyone know the lyrics to this because i need them
I want to send you a microwave ... dunno why
Neat
I subed happy new year phitly phrank
So dope
Is that where he lives?
no life ...








.
Fucking love this
Lets acknowledge he has a huge cock

(No homo) (Just like frank :}}})
Can't believe it's already been a year.
This song isn't that bad it actually pretty good
what the fuck are u doing
*Art
1 year anniversary boyz!
its amazing thats my favorite channel
He is the true Rap God
One year!
I saw a really gay add about a show called guidance and now I want to die even more
ravioli ravioli prepare for the srtyckeoli
One year anniversary of this masterpiece

God bless this man
Praise God Franku and his King Pink Blaze
It's like How to Basic, But with talent, sic beats and mad rhymes.. or something.
I only paid attention to the rice, i think im hungry
wtf i can't stop watch this!!!
Why is it my ads load in hd 1080p right away but when it comes to the video it's just lags the fuck out
presses replay
i always assumed that frank smelled like food and strong axe spray
Featuring Santa's Brother?
True art
u can see his small penis through the suit omg its so cute and small
This is honestly on a lil dicky level. But i mean i feel like youd rather do what youre doing than be a rapper
that poor stove top its been through so much
all of thus guys songs are fire

that beat at 1:12 flows so nicely
Nigger
Nugget
I'm drink af rn this shid litttttt
Damn why do all his songs have a sick beat
lmao i got an ad that advertised the national cancer society.
It's your boi pink daddy
Oh I thought that this was about rice gum
I am weirder than him even though i don't make vids.
no one loves you, you human abomination
thanks for the great recipe
I actually only came for the rice ball making.
Not gonna lie. The fucking bass in this is insane.
he actually talked like a normal person at the end
I like how at one point he thought "Okay, time to film myself sitting in a chair eating a rice ball and holding a cigarette.
i find it impressive that he uses gargeband for alot of his songs. He really knows how to use it.
my fav pink guy song
P I N K S E A S O N!!!!!
its fun how filthy frank gets one of the highest like percentages compared to other non controversial youtubers
This shit goes very hard
It's really fucked up but it's fucking good!
Is this guy singing this song? damn, he's a good rapper
i hav a question , do frank smoke?
PINK GUY IS LIFE
It this comment gets a like ima be triggered
Rice balls nice!XD
frank this is genius
❕❕💯💯💯💯
pink clit
pink omega!
This is how tobacco companies make smoking look cool
Any word when that mixtape coming out
papa Frank is that you ......
I really like the newer songs, way higher production value and way more savage lyrics.
rice balls
The beat dropped harder then the twin towers
If ur reading this merry Christmas
frank please post dat' filthy rice balls recipe so we can all lick up on those balls
this shit is cancerous
dick :)
sees his put the smoke thing on the rice wow he's adding spices I would eat that
I wonder what kind of cigarettes he smokes
1:24         No fucks given
tyler the creator should sign filthy frank
it sounds sick but ur house is a fucking mess
Pls do a full tutorial on how to make rice balls.
How do you have three of these vids that did so well yet your living in a shit apartment. Smh
This is real music
Alternative title: Jelly Filled Donuts
Maybe I don't want to go to the lobby:/
your are a niggers
Why on his like videos he like Matty b stuff lol
Does anyone knows what songs/samples were used for this? Thx
I GOT A FUCKING TIDE COMMERCIAL BEFORE THIS.
but then stick your finger in them vjayjays
thanks frank you showed that sometimes you have to be the silent retard
Hard as fuck beat papa
You can tell he don't wanna do the Pink Guy thing anymore.
When you use a cigar as a caper!!!😅
this beat reminds me of "teach me how to dougie"
Holy Shit Nostalgia just raped my brain
what's the lobby song called???
i wanna meet this guy his songs are the fucking best
i would let this guy finger my butthole
Frank has got a good voice
this shit is fucking fire
MTV and Hot 97 take notes
This song should win an award.
IM JUST TRYNA STRANGLE THESE FUCKERS
Bars, They be with this man.
I wish I knew where Frank lives so I can get his autograph
the sample is actually sick
frank reminds me of my edgy dead friend when he puts smoke like that.
you are sympatix. i Luke you
anyone noticed that the duration of Rice Balls and Teriyaki God is the same?
now I know have to cook rice balls thanks franku
This guy is a real genius: between super talented and totally insane
Just Imagine walking in his apartment and seeing that
1:27 if only that bottle under the table made it :(
Soon to be the one year anniversary of this release.
Damn this is a good ass rap
wth
I sneezed
1. I bass boosted this for myself.
2. This dude had a boner the whole time.
mainstream music doesnt even get close to the quality of this music, i feel bad for mentioning mainstream music on this channel
zx
Get you a man who can cook
1:25 is BMO singing Finn (why are you fighting with your friend). It's from an adventure time song called 'Friends song'
Not his best rap
Please Do a live show i would pay  a fortune for that shit
Tubular
frank is religion
bruh I'm supposed to be making rice balls but this player keeps kicking my ass
Fuck me this is how i spent my new years eve and ill do it again this year
Is anyone watching 19-20th December 2016
best pink guy song
oh man i didn't realize you did 60fps videos until i put hd on GG Franku
And I thought Hopsin was real hip hop...
Joji's confidence is super attractive. Also his voice. And his music. Him in general.
if you have  base in ur car this is loud as fuck
main question how many cigarettes did he smoke making this xD
Tell me how he is not a rapper
what cigarettes he smoke ?
3:02 are you tired of eating and smoking in the same time ?
I'm going to try making those
put it on the radio
@1:27 Master BottleFlip!
Why isn't this on Pink Season??? :(
I'm eating rice balls while listening Rice Balls. I can't be more complete than this.
This is my shit
theres legitimate bars here
Please drop shit on iTunes ;-;-;-;- us iPhone twats need it
I'm just chillin' makin' riceballs 'erryday. I'm a simple I don't need a microwave ... (cos I'm already heated)
1:45
Who's Ms.Filth?
I love how frank seems like a crazy individual, Even though he might be one of the most sane people ever.
my friend, you are a beast of a human. a truely unique specimen. keep doing awesome shit.
1:12 - 1:23 The Confession Of Trump
get on spotify
2:00 Is literally pure fucking bars
where the fuck do i get those glasses
I feel like he plays the barri sax
Lol it drops sooooooooo subtle (lowkey)
love the beat!
Showed This to My mum   First thing she said was that frank you clean his dirty ass stove and the next thing was his messy apparement after that that he was a pussy for first putting out his cigarette when he caught it with his mouth
Honestly, this is what Nujabes' defiant nephew would sound like.
Can someone give me a link to the baritone sax sheet music?
beat go hard
bone app deaf meat 😩
doss anyone know what the piano at 1:12 is from? or the chord?
dangit now i want onigiri
1:21 transition is so Tyler the creator-esque
Img he inhaled
bro this is real music!!!!!!
too good for my ears waaaaaaaaahhhhhh
ducking bars
why is this so damn good? nice frank lol
Damn my nigga pink guy putting people in there place lmao fuck your "real music"
1:33 Why is the chair just half of a chair?
This is the best song
where can i find those sunglasses?
this is art 10/10
I love the beat so much
dang this song is awesome
he has better lyrics than ricegum
what kind of chink makes rice without a lid on the pot
you got a nice voice and nice ass beats
i come back to this video everyday
Oh. Okay.
Watching this in maths class 😅😅😅
idk why but pink guy intimidates me for some reason. lel
I know this wasn't a serious rap. but I would listen to this in my spare time, its catchy , good shit Frank👌😕
the piano part damn frank
Best hentai I ever seen in my life
fuck joij songs i like but this i don't like i love it
The bass doe
am I the only one who thinks the real filthy frank is super attractive and would be cool to date? or is that just me 😝😙
I just realized, if Frank was Japanese, this would all make sense...
get it on spotify
my mom walked in, i switched to porn, easier to explain.
i'm so fucking proud
какаха
Leave it to Japan to produce this man... looks at Donald Trump ...never mind...
Why does this sound dope
Saturated is better :^)
Frank, you should get a green suit and dress as Tingle and do a song about a fairy boy.
to this day i still get a mental erection seeing a good 60fps youtude video.

like fucking hell it looks smooth than real life.
que video mas de puta madre, que buen video! ♡
This is actually pretty good.
it's actually sad that his music is lowkey good lol
thic is the only reason im alive.and banded from the internet
DAMN U REALLY DESERVE SOME RECOGNITION PAPA FRANKU
who sings it tho?
Seems like we've got ourselves a new horrorcore artist bois.
And that's how I learned how to make a rice ball.
Let's all go to the Lobby!
<3 LUBBBB HIMMMMM
1:12, Tyler, is it you?
Top comment.
Some need a microwave, others do not. This man however, is of the rare variety that does not in fact need a microwave.
He got fire🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Um...I don't want to sound stupid that's not he's voice or is it lol
I like that some of his music videos are just him cooking shit
where can i buy this pure fire
Got that dope ass tyler the creator style.
can you make a video on how you make your sexy beats
the fuckin beat tho 😚👌
They never said what they were gonna get because of the interruption of this sick beat.
I feel like if this guy were to kill himself he could become a famous rapper
A E S T H E T I C S
I bet he´s going to be so proud when his grandchildren will find this song.
IF he´ll ever qualify to have kids :)
well shit pink guys has fuck ingredients skills
I thought ricegum could rap...
Why is he so hot
His songs are a way lot better than these dumb modern autotune music out there.
Love this shit bro. Listen to it regularly. my favorite pink cunt by far! XD
Can pink guy only speak clearly when it's in song?
This shit is actually fire
Kaaazooooo eboosss
Please i beg you Put this up on Spotify please👏🏻👏🏻
I love how this song makes my head rattle <3
Thats a Jelly Donut
id listen to this with a blunt in one hand and a titty in the other at a shitty apartment in LA, but i live in my mums basement
fucking  cool
After blasting this song while studying, my grades improved. Thank you.
I believe this song defines a generation.
This is really cool!
1:12 best part
Now I think I should PAY YOU FOR THIS TALENT...
Ur apartment looks like Shit!look at mine!
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7a/47/c4/7a47c44df6dfb0718e7bcaaa722fc7e9.jpg
Beat dropped harder than the twin towers
Frank you make my day don't stop. Your friendly assassin Daryl Brown.
1:12 - 1:36 is the fucken best I swear omg the fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I feel bad for him because he must make huge messes after his videos lmao.
Like ohhhhhhhh
Ohhhhhhh
Damn catchy
"mini golf champion you got no drive...." BRUHHHHH SPITTIN' BARS
kendrick lamar type of beat tho
😧 Oh my god I cant believe I'm watching this again... So bad ass...
anyone know what hes using in the bathtub in the beginning?
Notice me senpaiiii
more good shit like this
i watched this countless times. never gets old
I fucking DO want Georgie fucking music. Your shit sounds a lot like wat Ninja would do before he created Die Antwoord. Look up Max Normal if you don't know about it. 

Love your music Georgie, it's pretty fucking hip :)
this came out last year wtf
The beat transition at 1:07 is very Tyler, The Creator-esque.
Im gay
You need to be a professional rapper.
1:20 snapchat filter :D
I want rice balls now :/
Is it bad that I used this to cook rice
bruh ty joj for teaching me how to make balssss
Pink Guy is one of my favorite rappers.
THIS IS REAL MUSIC, I WAS BORN IN THE WRONG GENERATION!!!
I fucking love this beat
This guy's videos may actually be the most mindless videos I have ever fucking witnessed. Jesus fucking Christ, remind your father to wear a condom next time.
sic sampling
God damn you are one beautiful badass!
we need Pink guy tour pls
Better than lil yachty, DRAM, and all the other talentless "hip hop" artists out there right now
Pink Season when?
I fuggin love pink guy
Lalalabebela
he has a filthy house
the real mc...
hot
The dub is so bad dude haha gj otherwise
Great fun game game with a fun game great fun and fun great fun game the flabby penis
Yezzz!
Happily would pay for his album
omg is that the same pair of nike he wore in FF vs CC
is it bad i learned how to make riceballs from this vid
Was that cigarette lit when it landed in your goldfish mouth?
sick beat
Do you want a microwave?
Lets all go to the lobby!~
why are you cooking in almost almost all music vids?
hes freaking hilarious
filthy frank ur my hero.
He forgot the seaweed tho
change to speed to full max and this song is lit
words of wisdom
Me and my brother feel as if you might have more succ-ess as a rapper on SoundCloud then anything
marry me
mest up lol
is it wrong that I know all if the words?
pink guy can spit bars ... rice and other shit
New York?
you know honestly appreciate the terror dome reference. GABBER for life
Filthyfrank is a blessing
pink guy going hard on the track!
yeah for the thing you said on the end I agree, I categorize the music you put on your channel real music, I genuinely enjoy it and find it funny at the same time, the pink guy raps are fire man
Who came here thinking it was gonna be a diss video about rice gum😂😂😂😂
you should release your instrumentals into your main channel.
I wonder if he ever got that girl to be celibate?
I guess his rap genre falls in the same category as lil dicky since his intention is for a comical rap style
my god this is beautiful in 1080p
this is what happens when you listen to Gorillaz and childish gambino u cunt
my shit
Frank make us pay for this
his voice is actually nice
yo what controller is he using at the beginning? its a KORG somethin but i dont recognize it
Im not gay but i would let frank kill me and fuck my corpse
he kinda sound like earl sweatshirt
This is my fucking jim jam jimmie.
What does "OG" means?
Is he really this dirty
1:24 <3
Heey, thats pretty good!
I love the way he says, "See you next time!" 
Idk why but I need help
133
I'm I the only one who saw the broken glass
Frank reminds me of my uncle tbh.
this is the most 
cringy-est thang i eva seen but i like pink guy
Lit
1:27
The first bottle that hit the floor.
It reminds me of kids destroying a microphone.
album pls b0ss
stop smoking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My fav song artist
Wonder what his parents are like
this is 🔥🔥🔥
this is quality camera
i got an ad for child porn / abuse
Skills
I watch cooking  shows
first 25 seconds of the song bump so hard
like tbh he needs to make more music idc what about he's fucking lit af
THIS IS PRETTY LIT PINK GUY
Anybody think this guy kinda look like frank
Pinkdick
This cured my depression and cleared my skin.
I'm surprised there are no comments about how huge his dick is
this is better than jacob saggitities
This taught me how to make onigiri! Arigatou gozaimashite
i was born in the wrong generation, fuck eminem.
Pinkguy the type of guy to go to a room filled with black rappers and say "hey guys I brought some noodles to Rap with"
You're making some sick jams Mr. Filth.
raps alot like odd future
Thom
we want real music, we want jojo
Sorry, but the lyrics are the most real Frank has ever been with his viewer base
This is now my new fav song <3
Where does this guy live ?
that beat sounds like something tyler the creator would do
is this a song or a tutoriel
this, pink life, stfu, ramen king and gibe de pusi b0ss are the best
Im sorry but the beat is sick
And that's how you make perfect rice balls !
I'll invest on those large balls 👌🏻
What's the genre of music at 1:15?
what brand is the sunglass he is wearing??
I love how much base this actually has.
"mini golf champion you got no drive" ..that's really fuckin clever, sheeit
7,666,535 views
da fuck is that half chair at 1:30?
The mix of rap and comedy is fantastic
Does this guy always thrash a kitchen everytime he makes a video?
#PinkGuycometoBrazil
Damn, he knows how to make real music. Fuck Arianna Grande and whoever the else is popular now
Lord have mercy if he fingers the pussy like he fingers that riceball
Pink guy is Atlas and tommpabeats combined
Filthy frank knows how to make music
MAN MAKE MORE MUSIC I DON'T GIVE A FUCK WHAT OR HOW YOU DO IT, JUST DO IT!
Gives me a $UICIDEBOY$ vibe
Frank has an awesome voice
Nigga didn't put no mayo in that? You trippin man
My rice doesn't stick
i only listen to real music
Thats pretty good...
Lyrics aren't that good, beat is fucking legendary
🍙🍙🍚🍚
Everyone send him donations because he is a poor fuck on the side of the road
Reminds me of Aesop Rock
the reason we all exist on this planet is to listen to pink guys album
This is low-key fire! 🔥
Mate you can't say what isn't music I honestly think you have the right to loudly kill a cat and if you think that's music well you enjoy that mate
marry me man
fuck New rap! I'm doing this for the real hip hop lmao.
This video has PERMANENTLY affected my experience with rice balls...
wtf bro ?!!
a (sic) ass beat at the beginning
Frank can strangle this Catass any day! 😎
Please charge me money for this album, this is some serious fucking talent and I don't think I should be able to listen to this talent for free.
his house isnt that messy...
Bro that house was dirty as fuck
i prefer my balls meaty
he's fit with ofwgkta
When you know the lyrics by heart
I try to find a good beat to this, but i cant find one with the piano solo
This guy has a stockpile of chloroform for last call at the bar
im jealous franku, its beauty in its purest form
Put this on Spotify, Papa Franku
gdr6rd6yftfyttu😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
went to kmart and asked for the pink album but they had no clue what it was
put this shit on spotify you whore
7571042nd
i actually want you to punch me in the face
wait....he ate that and he put ashes in there?.....
2:11 that's actually really impressive
I can't do that
Ah i remember seeing this a while back good times still fucking love this
So does he intentionally trash his apartment before he records these videos, or does he actually live in borderline squalor?
what's the name of the first clasic song?
Let's all go to the lobby;
Let's all go to the lobby;
Let's all go to the lobby
To get ourselves a treat.

Delicious things to eat;
The popcorn can't be beat.
The sparkling drinks are just dandy;
The chocolate bars and nut candy.
So let's all go to the lobby
To get ourselves a treat.
Let's all go to the lobby
To get ourselves a treat.
Yeah I'd eat his balls. OH WAI-
don't smoke cigs franky
The cigarette ash adds a nice smokey flavor...
I fucking love this song
best song ever
Why aren't people signing him?
i hope the next food theme song Will be"Omelette" featuring how to basic
tbh, this is fucking lit
why does this go hard af tho
pink omega best rapper.
daaaaam boy!
I made some rice balls went to my room turned off the lights closed the door and sat down then I turned this song on and ate them while jamming to this
He needs his own restaurant and sell all his great food like if u would go to his restaurant
I ment I cummed when the beat dropped
Fuck japs
Pink guy just made propaganda for ciggarettes. 50% of all the people want to smoke because u make it look cool thats a shame 😂
dose he live in america or japan?????
he is the best his songs are awesome
When are you doing a tour
A bit of a cigarette makes onigiri taste perfect
watching this video so i can feel better after watching sad ass videos of animal abuse. thank u Swag Daddy Frank
Dad?
His house is breaking down
goddamn it now i'm hungry..
This pink guy is my favorite kind THE one with the round glasses and the facial hair
This was uploaded on birthday lol
10/10 song
Papa franku has some nice {rice}balls
where can i get the vocals to this song
Pink Omega? Yes!
im. obsessed. help
Lets vote for Harambe. Lets vote for Harambe.
Ha Har Haram Be Be
Ha Hara Haram Be Be.
Damn this shit fire
1800+ peoples need microwave
Im hungry now :(
I want rice balls now
i thought he is like "oh he is a meme lord, troll whatever"

i found this. He can be a gangsta too dayum
shrimpy alert
https://scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t34.0-12/14797357_1098544990236782_655365560_n.jpg?oh=9fb5f8ce21d4c203ea673ce3770630ed&oe=5822BC2E
i only listen to REAL music.
u weird af but this slapsss boi
why the fuck does this have 7 million views lmao- fire tho
It's cool man. I live that art life. No microwave in my studio. ;P
Onigiri? One piece anyone?👌🏽😏
Actually tho, franku is a good rapper
he is also a good rapper
his fucken beats r so good I comedy when it dropped
That beat in the middle is pretty cool
cual es esa musica de piano del minuto 1:11?
i am so turned on right now....
fucking talented
Let's all go to the lobby
pink condom
Nice video
have he 2 appartements or something ? u cant tell me thats this is his home with 3.6 m subs
fuckin masterpiece franku
i run a not so good channel....check it
i watched this with my girlfriend she said when we have kids this is the music we will make them listen to
chorus like joeeyy badddas
i thought pink guy couldn't cook...
Like the show me your genitals guy, lil dicky, and early Tyler the created all sacrificed themselves to Lord Chin Chin
I love this song, and fried noodle 😂
i love this more than my mom
How long should you boil rice?
Thanks for the recipe
better rapper than lil wayne
hey b0ss, i habe cancer
This is actually my fave and I listen to this all the time
Fire
2nd best filthy frank song, #1 is Fried Noodles
0:05 song name
Bread
0:13 i shat myself
I was so fucking high first time i watched this video, you guys have no idea what this did to me.
Utterly raw af
Is that a bari sax on that baseline?!?!?
Teach me how to make onigiri papa
the sickest beat
How did I get a 23 minute add?!?
1:10
Damn, i thought that Ricegum made fire
was he high when he made this 
or is he always high while making videos? 
I can never tell anymore, it's all the same to be honest
I Love him he's really cute well in my eyes
He's pretty good at rapping no joke its true tho
I like how's he's in the bath tub who cares tho its like he the best
Have sex with me
He's actually really good
pink guy can't talk but can rap like fuck.
20 hour version pls
i searched up rice gum
Lets all go to the lobby
God dammit! I thought this channel was about gonzo humor and retardation not some deep raps and quality entertainment. I'm so very confused.
this is actually really lit. lol
I love you! )
This sounds like a Tyler, the creator song lmao. he could remix this tbh.
It's actually good and like spits bars better than rice gum but like this is fucked up in the best way
One of my favorite singers not even kidding.
i just love jelly dounuts
Pink Guy. Can't speak a lick of English but can spit flames lol
bless this young mans soul
I think I have







Rice Balls in my Mouth
this is the shit
The beat is wicked sick m8
I'm trying to strangle NFKRZ, I'm trying to strangle NFKRZ
Filthy frank makes some of the best beats ever
0:05 song music
I'm so rich 💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💸💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💰💎💎💎💎💎🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮🎮💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💰💰💰💰💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💴💣🏎🏎🏎🏎🏎🏎🏎
Fuck drake when u have frank
WHO ELSE LEARNED HOW TO MAKE RICE BALLZ WITH THIS VIDEO XD
i dont know why but from 1:10 to 1:34 it sounds like Tyler The Creator XD
i fucking love rice
L i t  a f
that beat goes deep
that beat drop at the start is better than any drops you can hear on radio, it's insanely good
If he would put this on spotify and tried to make like more serious music Id actually put it on a playlist. Flow and voice are really cool
fucking jews
i love all the songs you make there so hard to stop listening to  you're really great at making these songs and all the rest of the content on your channel is amazing
This is actually better than most modern music.
I WAS BORN IN THE RIGHT GENERATION IF THIS SHIT IS WHAT MY GENERATION LISTENS TO.
Oh man the last part was an entire dis to his own community and so true.
let's all go to the lobby yo get ourselves a treat.
I creamed
I thought pink guy couldn't cook.
Frank is low key producing some of the best shit to happen to music in a while.
Songs so good with skull candy crushers bass
Rap: mc Escher
Classical: realism
Heavy metal: modern abstract art
Rock: sculptures(get it)
Edm, dub, electro: modern
Alternative, punk: Dali 
Country: idk
Pop, spotify top 100: photography
слишком хорошо, гребаный сука
I love all your music, whoever said i want real music is not a real fan
I always wanted to ask is that his house if so it's a bit of a mess
I'm so offended that he's Japanese and cooked rice on the stove.... Real rice goes in the rice cooker obviously
some ofwgkta type shit, hell yea.
Oh I see how you make authentic rice balls now. You have to use the rice itself as an ashtray. Thanks Frank.
I bet everytime you come up with an idea for a vid you are either drunk or high...love it
i love how meticulous he is with his rice balls
This entire channel was just A WAY TO PROMOTE HIS FILTHY RAP MIXTAPE
do you guys like fried noodles or rice balls more? i'm curious.
Watching this high changed my whole perspective on rap and music in general thanks frank.
"At it again for the OG's.

I made this beat a while back but I had to spice it up and make it into a track (prod. me)"

if you're too lazy to read the fucking description.
Hey, Thats pretty good! ~i dubbzTv
Narwhals
Thankyou franku, your amazing music has inspired me to become a chef, I cooked rice balls for the local farmers in the rising sun until i got fired, I now feel like life is worth something more than merely telling people to "turn it of and on again" in my local call centre, you gave my life meaning.
probably his best song
The shit get's awesome at 1:11
my balls itch
I got skullcandy earbuds so I got ALL the bass without lowering the audio it hurts a bit but yet I love it XD
He's actually a dope rapper,reminds me of Tyler the Creator
lit
This guy makes smoking look cool
GOYA? wtf no me esperaba esa XD
2.30 that was fucking sick
cool music studio...comes with a toilet too.
suck my balls
The bass when the beat drops at the beginning...
what's the beat man
nigga you trash
FUCK MAN🔥🔥🔥
Gotta admit this is fire.
what the fuck the outside of your window looks so fucking depressing
the chorus' are the only reason i live
wait , he can speak english?
Remember when misha said he would overtake franku? life less pile of shit with no talent misha is.
thank you mrcam
dope shit but you didn't clean the rice properly
i like it
this song is so fucking
fuck this
2:35
I want to clean his house
this is how pink guy hears himself in his mind he is an awesome rapper
This song is epic, I wish more people from my generation appreciated this music. Fuck this, Let me get my pink guy album travel out of this stupid generation shit.
Daddy
Stop smoking, you can't do this with cancer
this guy is underrated if anything.
I officially have 22 FF songs memorized~
Ramen King
Rice Balls
STFU
KYS
Jungle Boy
Furr
Animal Man
Some Shit
Pink Life
Teriyaki God
Fried Noodles
It's Okay to Eat Whale
Big Mama
Erectile Dysfunction
Frank Says
Loser
Tribute to Ronald
I Love Sex
Please Stop Calling Me Gay
Are You Serious
She's So Nice


+ Plastic Taste, WORLD$TAR MONEY, and Unsaved Info as a bonus
I'd love to make a beat with him
░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
██████████████████████████████████▄
░░░░█░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀██████                                  
░░░░ ░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░ ▀█▄█▄███▒▒▒▒█
▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀
▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀
▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
Cringe
That bathroom wall is fucked.
Do you have cigarette addiction?
u smoke too much weed dude... i mean... goddamn
i dont listen to rap, but this is quality
oph hell yeah dudee
Hey check out my mixtape lol jokes
🔥 🔥 🔥
You need to collab with Tech N9ne
JAPPPPP
why dont have pink guy on spotfy?
To be frank, I honestly think he did change...
I loved his raps, but then I sat down and was doing something, thought about all his lines, and he is creative as fuck! Props.
id go awol to see pink guy on tour
K
Still better than lil wayne, g eazy, or any of these other clowns.
this isn't his house right..you know were he lives..right?
Dude, you added a sick kind of buzzing sound to your song. My shit speakers can play it perfectly.
Gimmi some youtube videos to watch please I'm nearing inanities embrace
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave lol
FIRE.
his voice is just a huge turn on
Best song. ;3
holy shit his voice is actually godlike
░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█
▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀
▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀
▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒█▀▀▄ █▀▀█ █▀▀█ █▀▀█ 　 ▀▀█▀▀ █░░█ █▀▀ 　 ▒█▀▀█ █▀▀█ █▀▀ █▀▀ 
▒█░▒█ █▄▄▀ █░░█ █░░█ 　 ░▒█░░ █▀▀█ █▀▀ 　 ▒█▀▀▄ █▄▄█ ▀▀█ ▀▀█ 
▒█▄▄▀ ▀░▀▀ ▀▀▀▀ █▀▀▀ 　 ░▒█░░ ▀░░▀ ▀▀▀ 　 ▒█▄▄█ ▀░░▀ ▀▀▀ ▀▀▀
║████║░░║████║████╠═══╦═════╗
╚╗██╔╝░░╚╗██╔╩╗██╠╝███║█████║ 
░║██║░░░░║██║╔╝██║███╔╣██══╦╝
░║██║╔══╗║██║║██████═╣║████║ 
╔╝██╚╝██╠╝██╚╬═██║███╚╣██══╩╗
║███████║████║████║███║█████║

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿
| Windows Dialog　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　    [－] [口] [×]   |
| ￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣￣ ￣ |
|　Windows has detected that this song is awesome!                                  |
|     Do you agree? 　　　　　　                                                                        |
|　 　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿＿　　　　＿＿＿＿＿　　      |
| 　 　｜　Yes　　     |　　　｜　Maybe　｜ 　 　      | 　   No　  |            |
|　 　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣￣　　　　￣￣￣￣￣　          |
|＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿ __ _|

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄
█░░░░░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀██████                                    
░░░░ ░░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░ ▀█▄█▄███

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▀▀█▀▀ ▒█▀▀▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▄░▒█ ░█▀▀█ ▒█▀▄▀█ ▀█▀  █ █ █
░▒█░░ ░▀▀▀▄▄ ▒█░▒█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█▄▄█ ▒█▒█▒█ ▒█░  ▀ ▀ ▀
░▒█░░ ▒█▄▄▄█ ░▀▄▄▀ ▒█░░▀█ ▒█░▒█ ▒█░░▒█ ▄█▄  ▄ ▄ ▄

▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄
█░░░░░░░░▀█▄▀▄▀██████░▀█▄▀▄▀██████
░░░░ ░░░░░░░▀█▄█▄███▀░░░ ▀█▄█▄███
oriwa... . ochin chin ga daisuki nandayo
Cumming at me again:(
guys that can cook <3
rice on my black dick
7 mil views for this fire, gg
It's good but needs more tuna
I like my women like i like my wine, 9 years old and locked in my cellar.
Cool song.
Still better then KSI music..
instrumental?
lyrics?
Im very SAD
please be my friend
PUT THIS SON GON PINK SEASON PUT RICEBALLS ON PINK SEASON
the pink guy ad tho
Is that franks real voice?
his voice sounds like someone familiar
I just got, like, a Japanese add of Frank in the STFU vid doing his shit while anime shit music was playing in the background.
This was the first ff video I ever saw.
This has such an Odd Future vibe to it 💕
we want real music
My god, It's Asian Rick.
You're the white earl sweatshirt
the advertisement I got for this was a repost of a pink guy music video that someone stole and used as their own.
let's all go to the lobby
Best
Everyone i showed this to didn't get the "whaling like the Japanese" bit. They are morons, you are a god.
Necesito que alguien traduzca este video D:
this should be in a museum
When I clicked this, there was an ad for Pink Guy's "I Just Want To Dance" thing.
Pink cunt clean your feet faggot
Can someone get me all the lyrics pls.
when pinkguy has on those glasses his voice changes when he doesnt have he is normal its like someone took over his body (yes im aware thats franks real voices)
That moment when Frank makes better music than you.
I'm not really into modern-day rap but I can't stop listening to Frank's stuff, perhaps it's because this is actually high quality rap.
Do you need a microwave?
quem é eminem perto desse deus do rap
ey b0ss. u killin it mane!!!
Lobby!
When the bass dropped in the beginning it almost blew up my headphones
Thumbs up O^O
Lit af
lit fams
Dude all his songs have millions upon millions of views if he put this shit on iTunes he's ba making hella bank not that he already isn't but holy shit I'd buy an album lol
Still my favourite Pink Guy rap
[Intro]
Let's all go to the lobby
Let's all go to the lobby
Let's all go to the lobby
To get ourselves a---

[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Hook]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh
Smoking kills
i tastes like shit idk
https://www.gofundme.com/moniesplss
This is how my brother learned to make rice balls
this song honestly sounds like Tyler the creator
pink guy should be on spotify
Holy crap there's a pink guy ad!
If you put this on speed 1.25 its a little better.
Best song by Franku so far
dad
FEED ME 😇
FEED ME 😇
thanks for teaching me how to make rice balls...
Words?
This song reminds me of Tyler the Creator
Pink guy. my bro. having you gotten even more civilized....what happened? jk lol love you man and you're right, music is music it doesn't matter how you do it. i love how you express yourself my dude. keep being your pink self
I NEED THE PINK GUY AS PET
AAAAAAGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH
It's not on Bandcamp D:
Who else finds him weirdly attractive?
I enjoy seeing his ass.. does this make me gay ?
Only fuck boi's who listen to main stream all day say to Papa franku "we want real music."
I havent  seen FlithyFrank for a while.... still the same, WOOOOO and even sexier. ;)
do I count as a og?
imho pink guy is the best raper ever
It's so surprising that in the middle of the insults and sick jokes, he actually has some deep shit hidden in there
Can't get enough of this!
Art
l o b b y
это лучшее, что я видел :D
HIS CRIB SEEMS LIT
Is this him singing?
I shown my friend a pic of what ff is like irl he was liek DAYMN SON HES HOT.

Franku gettin the dick
Yeah Rice and Smoke
So do people actually stuff rice balls with tuna?
hej that's pretty good but no for real
Hwelcome to the.... 0:24
fucking Burned my kitchen
lets go to the fucking lobby b0ss
I've learned how to cook a lot of stuff from these videos honestly.
i love you frank i just found out about your channel but i know its awesome
Best song of Pink Guy <3
Dat minecraft home screen sound ..
I think frank is drake's ghost writer
Oh god frank FUCK ME
So good
I need that chill section to be a full song lol
You rap so beautiful! •-•
Why no spotify?
suck
I appreciate it fam
These rhymes were TOO DAMN FILTHY
WTFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Love this song
This is fire
who's watching this on 2099?
i thought he was dissing ricegum xd
Nic ric ballz
The bass on this is so clean.
Freaking love you. Your my papa Frank😉✨
the amount of views every video you put out get has to be enough ad revenue to be a rich man by now.
no music is real this is just music just lesion if you don't lesion to don't say anything who cares just lesion or don't okay no one cares
nujabes???? 1:12-1:32
Groovy.
Vote for bob rossssss
is frank japanese?
when im sad i watch this
I actually like listening to this, is that weird, he has good quality music to listen to regularly.
I love how this Vid is always on my home page, sooo convenient.
This one is my favorite
Fire👌
franku smoking kills no one want that
Franku, I watched a 1 min 20 sec ad for you. Losing chromosomes every second.
that booms Like aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
better than ksi 100%
Tyler the Creator, did you know you would spawn shit like this back in 2011?
I got an ad saying "damn Daniel" over and over in Franks voice. huh
This my shit mang
Search 'LUV by Tory Lanez'. That shit is 300% autotune but has 34,000,000 more views than this fire. Tf.
this song is so fucking good.
The beginning sound like some Casey Neistat shit
first
2:24 my new steam profile picture
oh, jelly donuts, my favourite
Hey, that pretty good!
spotify this pls u stupid motherfucker
I LOVE YOU FRANKU
Oh my god xD He's eating them and he ashed in the pot with the rice
he needs another song
The saxophone in the back gives it such a cool twist.
lyrics ?
This shit is amazing xD
lyrics onegaishimasu
BMO saying "Finn"
おにぎり
my favorite song
Can you release the instrumental cover please papufranke dope af
This video helped me to figure out how to make sticky rice, believe it or not.
Pink Guy making smoking cool again since 2015.
I actually did the onigiri and turned out very  good!
watching this on the library computer lol
wait what do you put in those riceballs? ireally wanna try
69/69
Look man u are funny as fuck but i mean you shouldnt smoke. If you got cancer it would be fucking sad because we could lose one of the best youtubers out here.
this tyler the creator guy is really good
I am just going through his previous videos and the beat for Rice Balls was also used in Human Ramen. lol. I'm really curious exactly what and how much more he has in store for us lol. ...and also, "hhhwelcome"?
Kinda sounds like Tyler the Creator
people said RiceGum was the shit. listend to two of his '' diss track'' Boy!  that fagget cunt got nothing on Papa Franku
I feel like this guy could achieve great things if he wasnt dead inside.
Pench Boi
hey be a youtubehero frank
Sticky rice
have you kids
holy shit that ending just said it all.
looks like john lennon
I need a microwave tho
best beat since keemstar's ex girlfriend
Every time I'm upset, I watch Filthy Frank's music video, and I feel better watching them
Its funny caus hes a good rapper but he does this shit
I would actually eat that.
dude keep making raps
Would buy tickets to a PinkGuy Tour! Would bring weed and hallucinogens.
I'm 7 and listen to filthyfrank ugh I hate my generation and miss this 90s music 😩
it is an awesome beat , doesent matter that you made it a while back.
In school I was listening to this with headphones. They unplugged in rme on the exact line I will fuck you with a radiator pipe
Tyler the creator and frank need to fucking do a song together
You mispronounced "echelon" -2/10 .
your apartment is filthy...wtf
1,700 people drop their kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday.
Pink guy. these are some dope tracks and I use them often to dance and piss people off by invading their privacy doing it. so thank you papa franku i love yo u you dirty sonnofabitch.
this is the realest music
ha-haha-harambi
I think I'm gonna be him in Halloween 😂 don't judge big fan
I DONT NEED A MICROWAVE ramsey comes in ITS ALL FOCKIN R A W
The beginning is one of the best beginnings to any rap song
I fuckin love the word lobby now
This song is good actually haha
Put this I tunes please when I heard this I just fainted it's a class sing👌👍
Everyone's getting over a thousand likes on a comment...
How many am i going to get?




20 bucks says some smart ass is going to say I'm not going to get any.
круто
i need those glasses
Please fuck me. (With love from Argentina)
why is the intro in hiragana :O
it says harambe at the beginning
322جمال نزل ماينكرافت
Its fake pink guy
New album when
Is it weird this video taguht me how to make rice balls?
This song droped harder then my grades.
straight fire
Instrumental pls, $$
I put bleach in my rice balls
Franks sink contents are literally the same as the shit under my bed.
1:37 thats where i learned to jerk off
lets all go to pink guyus lobby
Definitely just came
I really really love that pink suit omfg
I love this channel😂😂
01:11 
At this point I realised that this music isn't just made to be funny. It's actually well produced.
First FiltyFrank video that I ever watched because I never really cared. I think I'm staying :)
now this is art
When boys can cook 😍😭👅😩💦
Tell me why this is the last guy you would expect to be this good at producing beats
Why doesn't Frank clean his apartment?
better than Eminem
this video taught me how to cook rice balls
this is THE real music
filthy frank looks like daredevil from the new show
we need more music like this
this song kills it.
I identify with this video a lot ok man.
Rest in piece RiceGum :/
omg lit
I need to watch his videos high
Every single video: "this one is for the OGs" Ok buddy, then where is your actual content?
imagine papa franku and tyler the creator making a track
What glasses is he wearing in the bath tub? I need them.
Wait I thought he was Australian... why doesn't he have an Australian accent?
Here's a producer better than Kanye and Jcole
He just roasted his own fandom I love it. This man is a god.
My butt hurtz! roast me senpai! roast me! i smoke camels, end my life!
Japanese ppl have awesome voices
lit
This video will be 1 year old in December. Time flies
Hey that was pretty good
nice dick!
You know I wonder how many vids of Franks got demonetized
So underrated
Better than any shit Ricegum has "created".
that beat dropped harder than my poop
Not gonna lie when I first heard this song I thought it was "raw beat"
It made my day when he changed that song into his own thing XD
Fire like Kobe in 1945.
Sounds like an Odd Future beat
1:19-1:34
That's what life is all about. You've got it figured out, man.
I DONT NEED A MICROWAVE!
pink omega, what do you use to make music?
Aye Lmao
It's sad that I have to come here to hear this going along my song on play list ;(
I've not seen anyone mention the fact that Frank has one half of a chair in his kitchen.
Why the fuck does he have only one half of a chair in his kitchen?
Awesome song and a useful recipe
Why the fuck is this in 60 frames per second
1:12 my jam
atomiydinenergiareaktorigeneraattorilauhduttajaturbiiniratasvaihde  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This is pure art!
Is pink guy feeling ok?  He seems a little... faded...
ONIGRI MY DUDE
Who knew he could sing
yez
fr tho, i feel the excerpt at the end in my soul, what the fuck is "real music" all music is music you pretentious fucks
Lit
Why do I feel like I'm watching a musicly  god what the hell
322
Hey b0ss that´s pretty good
my proudest fap
this... is beautiful.
What do you use to make music?
this is my favorite song in this channel
Still my all time favorite, good mix on the beat and lyrics, as well as that culinary swag.
Filthy Frank must body RiceGum.
Wow his feet are DIR-TEUUUUY! XD
"I don't need a microwave---- cuz i'm already heated ;) (somewhere in the distance, "THAT'S NOT FUNNY")

This is why i love this guy
filthy needs to get a legit album
The quality, it's too magnificent for my eyes!
that outro is the realist shit ever. This is his real music lmao
do you get free cigs btw what kinda stick u sucin?
1:11 I love this part so much omg
lobby
best music maker alive
When he flipped the cigarette in his mouth the wrong way i just died
This is awsome
This gave me cancer b0s ❤️
i
succ
this is a video i would go to if i wanted to cook something and listen to sick beats
papa Frank we need an instrumental
best rapper
You know whats awesome? His views are greater than his amount of subs. Hes awesome
love fithy frank so much
Better than ricegum
Still fire
That lowkey bari sax in the back.
He's got the blue Hilary glasses on?
Id buy this song
Congrats pinch boi you completed a basic human function, rapping about rice balls
tbh this shit is dope as fuck, props to you man
This is like an instruction for cooking with nice music in the background man
WAIT AT 1:20 HE SAYS HE "ACTS RETARDED" MEANING ALL THESE YEARS THAT PINK GUY HAS BEEN RETARDED AND SHIT WAS AN ACT, IN THE LAW OF FILTHY FRANK, PINK GUY IS ACTUALLY FINE AND HE ONLY ACTS RETARDED ON STAGE HOLY SHIT like this actually changes everything
Why was the advertisement before the video in Spanish?
Lobby 
lool lool by
Starts to sound like
Harambe

What other secrets do old filthy frank videos hold
FRANK HAS FUCKIN BARS OMG
I can't believe this filthy asian is cooking rice in a pot. A real asian would use a rice cooker.
this songs so amazing when you're high af
I listen to this on the Bus so people think I'm tough
LOVE THIS!!!
lyrics?
I bet youtube loves this song
fried noodles
this is pretty lit
I'm not proud of the fact that I actually downloaded this song to my phone and I actually listen to it
He looks fucking gangster with that goatee.
frank is a fucking genius or something?
Uploaded on my birthday...
Idk whether to feel happy or ashamed for not noticing this gift before, it should've been the Kill Yourself song ig...
The fact that this video had a 666, and a 69 in it when i'm watching it, is just....
What kind of hardware is that? Are you using an mpc to make this beat?
my generation of music sucks 😂 jk
besides rice balls are good as hell
@tvfilthyfrank
😂
dude his songs are really lit and funny
Dats preety gud
that bathroom setup....greaaaaaasy
I just woke up and this is uploaded...
going on to my 3rd time listening to this
i need this on itunes
I wish people in my generation can appreciate this music!
you hear harambe in the background ;D
You should collab with Shawn wasabi you and him could legit burn down a fucking country
Please be my best friend.
you got to listen to this in your car the bass is awesome
fuck drake and pink guy and all mainstream rap undergroud hiphop is the best ! politikz > pink guy
daddy
oh hey now i know how to make em
Good Cook, Comedian, and music artist.
Teach me the filthy way
What is that too rude
This has the biggest logic vibe to it ever
0:05 I live the song but he attempted to make that cool text effect lmao
pink guy is the next eminem
That was bootiful
Yo real talk this shit is legit.
love first part.. If there is original song exist, can sombody tell me song name?
I can't be the only one who thinks the rice balls are 5 stars lol
the song is life
Instrumental please 😭
can't wait for pink season
Great song
now that's what I like to call a real rap talent 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
You're so cool, papa
Sounds so good at 1.5 speed
still better than desiigner
yo i know i might sound stupid ti ask this but is this really filthy frank rapping?
oooh Pretty good
frank is really good at rapping actually.
Holy damn this is so good
Can we please take a moment and realize he looks like Leon from The Professional
How does he not have ants or roaches with all the food he throws around his house?
what glasses are those i want them
I could here some Tyler inspiration
undiba oh chin chin kadicsy
Frank bro, fuck you butt this vid is pretty shit good. So fuck you, and please keep insulting you fucking loser.
He could very easily be the next Soulja Boi
✈️💥🏫
9/11 confirmed ✈️
nice tuto bruh, made the greatest weeb ballz today, much love, gracious leader
masterpiece
No but he can spit tho
This was lit as hell
Your voice is amazing honestly
The only good Asian rapper
"I'm here to be an act not a role model"
reminds me of goblin by tyler
Honestly feel like he's tryna be himself with these lyrics seen as everyone bitched last time he did a personal video. Anyone agree?
$uicideboy$ X Pink guy
Who has a boner right now?
Do u have any Idea how rude that was bitch
This is actually good
Pink Guy is my bae. I want to fuck him up the ass.
i am grounded right now. secretly listening to the filth. I have a great life...
He forgot the seaweed D:
How did I go from Onigiri hacks to this
:^)
haha now i know the words to a rap and the recipe to rice balls for 1
2:44 the realist shit right there
You can tell he listens to Tyler
Song is 8/8 would bang
Why is everybody saying Pink Guy sounds like tyler, the creator
Like he doesnt sound like him atall but i found him only cuz ppl kept saying that
1:11 nice beat man
Play this at my funeral
This shit is Lit the fuck up
Better then the mainstream rappers
You legit need to be a rapper, not a youtuber (although ur great), son, you have a true talent.
You've earned yourself a new fan, fam
frank you're an amazing mother fucker full support for filthy franku
Lets go to the harambe?
Play this on aux dude, base is insane
I don't need a microwave, I don't don't need a microwave, I don't need a microwave wave, I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE......'cause I'm already heated. ITS NOT FUNNY!
getting the biggest OFWGKTA vibes
This is so fucking lit
This song is dank as fuck, I think I jizzed a little
the vox slices sounds like teddy from bobs burgers amirite
This wasn't as terrible as I thought it would be
not even joking, i would buy frank's songs
lit
I love this song
Hey, thats pretty good!
beats yonkers..
i think this is only vid where you can actually hear gis normal voice
his house must be a God damned mess
Pink Guy looked way more different than the ramen noddles and the other few vids..
Suk my dik suk meth dak fogot
he said he acts retarted on stage... so pink guy is really normal??? :/
This went unexpectedly hard
ANNNNNNDDDDDDDD
      monetized
This sounds so good when your stoned holy shit
Loose rice balls , oh man you gotta clean that house asap 😷
Before harambe died harambe said this was his jam.
Am i the only one getting Tyler the Creator vibes over here???
Great tutorial how to cook rice balls
The beat is flamey
you actually have an amazing voice oh my god
Gimme dah poosy b0ss
The new youtube policies are gonna get him removed. RIP
5th time watching
One of Frank's best songs
I watch his vids just to learn how to cook ;3
is there gonna be a second album ???
THE BASS ON MY HEADPHONES IS KILLING ME!
охуенно, подрочил-спасибо
when pink spits that real shit !
This made me emotional.
release this shit on itunes
FIRE 🔥🔥🔥🔥
#BARS
such a shitty amount of fans without compasion for your work.
well I guess he isn't making anymore of his old music
that moment wen a part time youtuber makes better music than a full time singer that thinks saying stupid hoe for 1 minute is considered music
The only cure to cancer.
what kinda rice do you use?
That cigarette must be glued to his mouth
Damn
rip youtube with these new terms of service.
But this shit was kinda Lit
FilthyFrank and Brandon Rodgers should collab and make the make the filthiest video ever, it'd probably be he best shit ever lol
i only listen to real music
🌚💕
THIS SHIT IS GOING TO MY FUCKING GIG 2NITE
I'd buy his album
filthy franks music is real music and gives me life
better than Jacob Sartorious
Hella bass
daym this actually good shit, better than most rap today. music vid is pretty daym quality aswell
Im new to filthyfrank....i am disturbed and amazed at the same time. Frank youre talented as fuck man. You gained a fan and you got me hooked
@twitisthis .... I had to. But word i meant what i said. Yo thanks.
New Asher Roth album is fire fam
lit af
Oooooooooooooooh🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
FilthyFrankVEVO
I like his ass
pink guy is a psychopath and i absolutely love it
This is nice
I think Frank is becoming a low key rapper. And not the shit type.
Does he make these songs
Suicide :)
bruh he's talented as fuck
why the fuck isn't this on spotify
I wish I was Asian and I wish I could rap like this real shit.
weeaboos are everywhere! GET AWAY FROM ME!!!
wishing for some rich chigga - pink guy collab
0:50 what was that about viagra??
So fucking savage 1:06
the og litness levels are over 9000
your penis is so smalllll.....dick japonis.......you are the best ly
all i want to do is just clean his apartment
pink guy is fucking fire
Damn nigga this shit hot
love u frank
He lives off about $1 million a year from ad revenue, is this actually where he lives?
pink guy doesn't want money for his ablum he wants  chromosomes for chin chin
oh shit m8, that beat to hard tho!!
 😍
👉👌
1:11 to 1:35
i like that part
i really do
creativity n shit
lit af
you have defenently earned my supscripstion
They don't understand, man.
Man, please upload your album on ITunes
I'm watching this with my wii xD
filthy frank- eminem with cooking videos?
ну это шедевр
is that a real cigarette
1:12 to 1:36 sounds like it could be a Kendrick Lamar song
Haters will say this is fake music
I've had this stuck in my head for the past ever.
why is this better than all these new "rappers". like seriously
kanye feels jealous
Can't tell if this is artistic or just bad,, either way I kinda like it
PINK GUY!!!!!
I learned how to cook with this song
Aren't you supposed to use some rice vinegar to make rice balls so that it sticks together like traditional sushi rice
This shit is to fire 🔥
Tyler the creator vibe anyone?
Don Hertzfeldt anyone?
I genuinely like this song. Not as a meme or prank song, but as an actual song.
Yo frank, you probs don't give a shit and I'll get blasted for caring

But are you ok man? Mentally and Physically?
Ahh, onigiri tastes so good.
I love this song too much, i'm not okay
Those are some nice balls mang
I don't need a microwave.
Cuz I'm already heated. 2:30

that's not funny!* heehee
Actually fucking amazing. take my money. Just honestly, make more music. I'd give you hundreds of dollars if I could just get more of your music lmao
came back for the Pink Season hype.
Wait is pink guys frank
Dis shit lit af tho
Can I give him the succ?
Frank has that Tyler the creator vibe... I love it
frank taught me how to cook
okay but I wasn't expecting that bass
okay 1:12 - 1:35 is beautiful i need a full beat of that
I like how the song had a conversation at the end
this is lowkey fire
Now thats a crack house that I want to be living in
[B]Rogers?
I play this whenever I go to work, end up pissing off everyone with the bass.
bruh you need to sell these and get a record deal or something
I was born in the wrong genration
people that think they're special for liking this song must not realize everyone here likes it
someone fukin give papa franku a record deal
Laabyy
fuck harambe, he is just a fucking monkey
the bass at max vol on my headphones is crazy
beat sounds like some OF shit
the big pink asshole
pink guy is a fucking genius
I like how he got real with us
a piece of shit house for a piece of shit
cured my bipolar
watch his first vid then this one. oh have times have changed
In all seriousness though this is great
I hab de cancer b0ss
"Pop it off on some gay shit
Had to download this man, banging song Pink Guy
2:24 Spy
decent
this was the jungle boy beat they sound very alike
frank is the best !
MY ALPHAS WE MUST FOLLOW THE OMEGAS WISHES ! WE HAVE TO RAID HATERS CHANNELS WITH DISLIKES TO FINISH THEIR CAREERS! IT MAY TAKE DAYS MONTHS OR EVEN YEARS BUT WE MUST     FINISH WHAT OUR OMEGA HAS STARTED SO JOIN ME MY FELLOW ALPHAS ON THE QUEST TO DESTROY THE HATERS CHANNELS!
is it the end of the Jungle Boy beat that he spiced up?
Is it just me or does pink guy suddenly sound like nick wilde from zootopia? If you go watch one of filthy frank's normal
(Define normal for frank; a bit more wierd than the song lyrics) and pink guy will sound way different
It's real nigga hours
This is lit
Why can't I find your fucking shit on spotify?
get a fucking ass slut
The song is so good it gave me such a big boner I passed out from blood loss
How do i stop listening to this 10 times a day
Is Pink Guy wearing any underwear inside that outfit?
I was never into rap but god this shit is lit !!!
Can you not make so much mess please.
does he actually rap/ make these songs himself?
Gibe de pussi boss
and ubadachi
dude hes so good
pink guy cant cook XD
This falls on the vaporwave category.
spit that shit
Noodle chomper
Best cooking tutorial ever
im kebob
Why isn't this on iTunes?
i normally have crippling depression when it comes to rap, but this song made me cum
Not In My Damn Lobby.
dude im drunk af. and my GIRL FIREND LEFT ME AT THE CLUB FUCK EM RIGHt!!!!
#FILTHYFRANK4LIFE
In 5-10 years this guy will be recognised as a legit musical artist and we will be paying to go to his concerts. HEYYYY BOSSS!
He's got a really good voice.
feed me daddy
Dam this vid is so legit. It's so fucking artistic, I'm speechless.
masterful cinematography
oo me likey
Congrats on 3mill
go to hell noob?
welcome to the terror dome , queen city smoking drugs spraying chrome,  reason all  parents keep their kids at home ,stray bullets smash domes leave your brain overload, then byStander's left breathing grab phones , start talking to feds i swear their better off dead put a young gun away for life shit is trife , and why this girl is begging for some head, where the bread,  heroin town zombie hunting all i see is Zed's, only beef  I got now is cuz I fuck your wife every Sunday , she bouncing up an down she lick my nuts she love the fun way .. yeah..
pink guys best song
OMG I JUST REALIZED THE BRGGINING WAS COPYING PROLETER
did anyone really listen to his vid cmon he hints things in all of the pink guy rap I LOVE THIS SHOW TOO MUCH.....
That looks like a type of bathroom you'd cook meth in.
Where the fuck is that Grammy
this dude could be a legit rapper
those glasses makes pink guy 10x more hot
poucos Br's conhecem o papa franku :(
pink guy take my virgin cum
I actually unironically listen to this
Imagine if Tyler the Creator and Filthy Frank made a song!
how annoying is the clean up?
I snort ramen packets.
Rice balls and friend noodles honestly sound so great
Penis
Better then drake
Frank's songs are supposed to be funny but they're actually... pretty good.
one day papa Franu is gonna be on vevo and I will noot noot in my pants
rice balls > ricegum
rice
ONG LOSTEN WITH HEADPHONES 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
amazing song
This video was uploaded on my birthday...

I want to die
dat BMO sample
I though Pink Guy couldn't cook for shit, Sciracra Shrimp?
1646 vegans don't like this :(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
cuz hes already heated
why are you talented musically xDDD
is he actually a schizo
Went and made rice balls after this
This reminds me a lot of tyler
Anyone know what audio equipment he uses?
I don't need a microwave... because I'm already heated
Lyrical fucking Guinness.
petition for pink guy to go on tour
ITZ PINK SEASON BOI, DAMN LIT AF
I've never seen such an openly chinky chink
I want Papa franku
someone sign him now
adult swim won't take frank because he's too crude
THIS WAS TOO LIT.
I learnt how to make rice balls today.
How the fuck does this asshole make decent music like I mean come on really?
learned how ti make rice balls because if this video hahaha. love your music frank
dope
pink guy needs to collab with rich chigga
It takes a genius to act like an idiot.
A-mei-zing song
I want him to be my dad
Why is his channel not a show on adult swim yet?
dude no joke I like pink guys musical talents
Better then Eminem
God, he's so talented. It's a shame that his fans force him into the persona 24/7, because the Chloe Burbank album was fantastic and he doesn't really have so much to work with as Frank, but he's just amazing, even with these Pink Guy songs.
Fuqbois treat my dick like a trampoline,does that mean he's gay ?
someone please do a version where he says im just trynna strangle these... and then keemstars face appears and yells niggers.
Jelly filled donuts*
is this an song on google music and the appstore?
This is my SHIT !!!
the bass makes my behringer headphones vibrate furiously
that ass at 1:24  :333333
Whoa... I didn't expect this.
this shit is the best,fuck all the "real" rappers
damn the bass
this beat is sick
Is this him rapping the whole way through
what software to make the song
Pink Season
how can one man posses so much talent like cmoon brah
this is so good
That piana beat at 1:12 is so damn smooth. I love chill-hop beats like that.
seriously questioning if he actually lives in that shit hole or they make it look like that for videos either way its pretty dope.
Pink guy can rarely ever articulate thoughts effectively to the layman, however there are exceptions to this ever relevant rule.
Particularly when spitting them sick bars mang.
Good music like this used to be on the radio, but now we just have Justin Beiber and Miley Cyrus? I was born in the wrong generation.
top
I think I'm I'm love
Its just him cooking with rap if you will in the background
The John Coltrane of this generation.
https://vk.com/search?c[q]=Pink%20Guy&c[section]=audio&c[performer]=1
Its fucking lit
🔥🔥🔥🔥
music is good dude but how did you dare and ate those rice balls after you put some of the burnt tobacco from the cigarette HOW THE HELL DID YOU DO IT ??!!!!!!
adult swim anyone
1:33 ohh... ohh... oh... oh... Oh I broke my chair.
Anyone else get reminded of the usher from HHN during the intro music
Put this on spotify already!
MORE
papa's music videos are so Aesthetic™ bless
When you're legit getting horny to this song.
Musical masterpiece
Superb Musical Talent
If you listen closely you'll hear that the beat is him pumping a shotgun.
I wish more people from my generation could appreciate this music...
collab with rich Chigga...you sound alike...🤔
have my kids
papa frannkkuuu
I've been looking for music like this, I'll buy your next album
all his song are just wow
i was sent this link to this video you are really talented and funny! but like what in the actual hell did i just witness. great job tho!
this is actually kinda hot
Mad respect
Does he actually smoke I have no idea
Still bettter rapper than Ksi
Heaven tyler the creator vibes
Kids this is REAL music. Not your skillcrqap nullshit what is it caled? Dupstepp
his dirty house really makes me freak out inside
I love you Georgey boy.
jojivlogs()b/mp4.sjct#hwh###hsijd/Trojan/&@piavu694?&×"
So. I've noticed how many of these Music videos (all of them almost) involve cooking. So I think this is a continuation of conveying co-ordinates to Frank via smell
That 60fps though
1.25 Speed is way better!
It actually sounds alright :D
hey thays pretty good
hey thays pretty good
Well. Still better than KSI's songs together no offense xD
i wonder if he actually lives in the filth
I dont like rap but holy fuck this is LIT
I first thought he said: "welcome to the dimmadome"
so dope
Put this on your bandcamp, I want to buy it badly. Thank you in advance pinkguy!
imo this is the dopest shit ever
kek m9
the beat sounds like it was producced by Tyler, The Creator tbh
Listen this if you got a bad day or depression, makes you forget about shit
Why can't I smoke a joint with this guy, it's like...my dream!
actually alot has changed he used to have hair sticking out he used yo be called mr pink he also was supposed to have his own language that he can only speak
C9 Sneaky's stream?
Whoa this was uploaded on my birthday.
FIN FIN FIN FIN FIN
in all seriousness his songs are alright.
filthy Frank and the anime man r both Japanese and Australian
to me he is hot
this some fire shit
Damn dis is lit. By the way, you are like Lil Dicky when you rap.
So fucking good
Put this slappin shit on spotify
I fucking love this shit
fuckin fire!
bro youre actually my favorite rapper
this guy has got talent
"I'll make sure that you're celibate!" lolz
Shit! But Papa Franku's voice is so hot💦
cool beat and bass loved the rap as well pink guy 🔥🔥👍
7 months ago and this shit still fire
Beemos voice
you know at 1:32 is it me or does it sound like BMO ?
so fucking dope
Hahah fucking love these raps
Such a sassy fucking cunt
ちょっとボス
tempted to download this burn it to a cd and blast this from my car.... XD
Everything about this is fire
He caught the cigarette backwards 😂😂😂😆😎
This beat is awesome
Our boy Pink Omega
This is genuinely good track lmao
better than Ramsey...
pink guy/joji's music is so good.
How long has filthy frank been making surprisingly brilliant satirical rap tracks?!
Have my like, so FUCKING COOL!!!
I love how he's a great rapper but is funny as shit. Kinda like Lil Dicky
The fuck is a rice ball?
I like how real he gets at the end of the song.
as a music producer, he has fucking talent
lobb
this is actually such a mad beat its sick 👌🏼
1051541451431641621571721571511441234567881234567812345678123678326470547
2999999259923478990124999995689902993413269916749953349999914649932724997
2994567809912568990139956799809929936781467998299634699818991169966144990
2999994569970124995699801323459999012615302799995324993243699019923412993
2994567801993569980299356780239999456725634569974326992644399243992369936
2994567801992689901239967899029939945745315319931253399436998011992349950
2998012345299999388352999991039953991232012479934673289999982640499999415
whats the beat at 1:25
It's always a good time when people are called out on their bullshit
He kinda sounds like g-eazy
lah bie? guess I can comment like a retard and get likes K top key sand niggers fuck keen star oops YouTube sorry I can't hate on any fuck new YouTube you tubes going through puberty lol imacuntlolz sub to me fgots ign on Growtopia Rob3528 suck my cock u say suk I suk I 5 dollar? Kk. I'll pay for 10mins and get to cum in ur mouth fuck you I give u a bukkake later... There, I can be a retard!
i work at the cinemas where they play the lobby video all the time and I'm not gonna lie, i think of this song each and every time and it's lit in this movie lobby
I learned cooking. Thanks mein.
Let's all go to the lobby, let's all go to the lobbyyyyy to get ourself a great!
Hey, That's Pretty Goud!
he must like food
''whe are harder then viagra with a big cock"
you need to clean ur furnace man
When the beat kicked it, i busted so hard, that Alvis started turning his grave
dance vid comming soon to this song love it so much bro 
hope u watch when it drops
Hey, thats pretty good
Franku, you might be filthy but that beat is funky fressssh
Anyone else have a Tyler feel to this song? Especially around 1:11
dis bas got me walls fallin down lik dem panties
Something that makes me love this guy is that he doesn't use any ad in his videos, instead those shit channels
Why act stupid instead of rapping dang man ur so good
are u a japanese?
x1.5 Is Amazing.
i was mumbling this in my skype group call and they removed me thinking i was chanting a devil curse. smh
Pink Guy is so edgy, he puts cigarette ashes in his food masterpieces 👌
FUCK ME
don't you mean jelly filled donuts
he's so talented like does he know he could probably go into any profession he wants
Is it weird that I legitimately learned how to make rice balls from this?
balls.....
my favorite
I actually learned how to make rice balls, thanks pink guy
when i was a pussy nigga i thought howtobasic had the hardest cleaning job
Onigiri? More like... OSHIRI! Because I EAT THE WHOLE ASS!
I love you filthy frank! Date me!
And if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.
This used to be humour. Now its humbling
I thought pink guy cant cook
Is this on iTunes?
isn't onigiri Zoros move from one piece?
he's actually pretty good at raping
he's got a tyler the creator type flow its cool and different
I can't play fucking tf2 anymore it's ass
As soon as he starts rapping I realize hey could be a professional rapper
what a spiritual miracle lyrical
This should be on spotify
I really hate niggers
Man his songs are actually really good.
beutiful
Play this at my funeral
I listen to this as music like Un-ironically, I think I need help😅
Play on 1.25x speed. Its amazing
wow papa franku's voice is so... soothing
If anyone's wondering, I'm pretty sure the piano chords are:
F# minor/ A♭ minor/ F# minor/ A♭ minor/ B minor/ A♭ minor/ B minor/ A♭ minor
The bass gives me orgasms
I used this as a tutorial on how to make rice balls
this is fire
Beat reminds me of Jamba
I loved the BMO sample lmao
He doesn't need a microwave
nice
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these


This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)
[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh



I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave


Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)
This must be the fake pink guy. He's an incredible clone of the original, just with the extra intelligence to speak and rap better. Probably the next best thing to. Still you can't beat the original.
Switched from Tyler, the Creator to this because it was easier to explain to my parents.
If I had a voice like that I wouldn't care if my apartment was a mess either
Frank and Aesop Rock should make an albumn together, or maybe with Slug lol
5 seconds after this comment is posted im gonna jump out my window
Can't wait for Pink Season to come out
is the cigarette needed for this recipe Francis?
I wanna see Brandon Rodgers and Frank  collab 😂😂
"Bring back jojivlog" 
- Retards
didn't knew pink guy can speak English ?
you deserve a record deal
lowkey learned how to make riceballs with this shit
Diss for RiceGum
NOW THIS IS REAL TALENT
If I could rate this out of 10, I would rate it 17/10.
Does he live in that place lmao
im made Rice of balls because of this video
All George's music is good.
min 0:51 we want see  the full dance!! :D
накладывал музыку неправильно
I offered my mum some rice balls then started doing this shit, needless to say, police were involved
Well just you and moonman...
Make more Rap Filthyfrank you are the Only Real Rapper Leaf since tupec dyed
seriously needs to drop an album
3:15 dab
I think pink guy would be the only person strong enough to end ricegum
this is the recipe for anti SJW raid antidote
better than lil wayne
dang, wished lyrics were in the description
disturbing. .I think I like it
this shit is hella good. your beats are too fucking fire man
like no joke frank is pretty good as a music artist
I've been snowboarding ,while listening to this .... Pretty good tho
i have cancer now
I live for comedic rap
Damn franku, after i watch this video, i realize, you should be a fuckin CHEF!! Have you see a movie called CHEF?!! With Jon Favreauuauae?!!
Pink guy, is super talented. He cooks, he Sings,  who couldn't love him?
hes actually a good cook tf
Lol when I saw the title thought u were roasting Rice Gum
Is that BMO at 2:23?
In class I was listening to this with my headphones (Arts teacher lets us listen to music) and at the beginning of the video my headphones started shaking xD
Franku vs RiceGum?
Filthy frank is a god rapper better than Eminem
filthy frank and tyler creator need to xollab on a music video
I'll fuck u in the mouth again-pink guy
I love these songs
he can shove his crusty nigger cock in my butt any time
Frank should get his own YouTube Red show
This is perfect music for a violent masturbatory session!
*Holy fuck this is good*
🍙
Jelly filled doughtnuts are my favorite
Is frank still in college
Still better hip hop than drake
You're actually really good at making music. If you had a separate Channel purely made of this of subscribe immediately.
Omygoodness
1:13 pink guy is explained his life
OMFG ITS PINK OMEGA! That's what these hos will be saying if you keep this shit up big boss. Keep killen' it.
only if I liked rice
Joji's music is hella underrated he has a talent.
What happened to papa laifu?
x1.25 Thank me later. Also FUCK YOU B0SS.
Holy shit dude im so FUCKING HIGH WITH THIS .
Your delivery and creativity is orgasmic Dad.
Frank drops more fire than RiceGum ever will.
he is actually a good rapper he just needs to change the lyrics a bit
Frank's now smoking cigarettes?! That you can legally buy in shops?! I hope my parents don't catch me watching this - this shit should be age restricted.
My mom thought this was a legit tutorial...
they need ur music on pandora
Yeeeww!
Poppa frankue is sempai
the like to dislike ratio is almost orgasmic
Hey, that's mildly adequate!
That beat is actually amazing. You honestly would get signed with a contract.
I really love the base at the beginning.
rap is shit fuck you cunt
doesn't even make sense gay af
HE'S LITERALLY EXCEPTIONAL AT EVERYTHING
he's better than Kanye
Good music doesn't exi.............
This is high quality music
This is fucking fire
Original beat...?
1:12 is actually fire
please put acapellas of your songs so people can use them for remixes
low key listening for subliminal messages about the fake frank
1:33 What's wrong with that chair
This is a pretty bitchin song
You know what we really need. A 10 hour compilation of obese men shitting sounds on spotify.
hsi bread on his chin
Hhhhiiiiiisssssssss
better than ricegum 11/10
Them Klebold Glasses tho!
Pink guy>Joji
I love your voice
siiiiick!!
Still my favourite song of his and all his songs are a masterpiece
Well, now i know how to make rice balls.
white tyler the creator
Let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves or together?
he should collab with ricegum
if someone follows this recipe I'm how I'd feel lmao
Lahbie.
XD this made me laugh so much
kinda sounds like Tyler the Creators style
I fucking love that track. He could be a very good rapper...
this makes me think of tyler the creator XD
I wanna see a collab with Rich Chigga
why is he not making rap anymore miss these stuff
I think he dosent need a microwave
you need to do a song with rich chigga
be a rapper Frank
Great musician
Man you make sick beats.
Fuck. The ad before this was for kids bop. Weirdly enough it felt part of the video.
Your house look like fucking shit.
cleans rice
puts some cigarette ashes after
The bass on this though
I actualy put this song on my mixtape and in the car i put it in and when this song came on my friend was like WTF but at the end  he was like 'holy shit this is fire'. :P
It's funny because he's roasting fan and hater alike with the lyrics. Yes you with the "Pretty good music in actuality!!" comments and "OMG HIS VOICE IS LIKE X AND MAKES ME WET!!!" guys.
This is actually pretty good
The bass drop is real in this motherfucker
This generation sucks! This is real music
I shouldn't like this as much as I do 😂😂😂
I watched to legitimately learn how to make riceballs
im just chillin makin rice balls errday
Where can I get that morphsuit?
I love all of his music, not even ironically. Doesn't matter if he's singing about anal beads or getting dogs to lick his nutsack, it's all decent
This video is actually educational because it teaches white people how to actually cook rice
I love onigiris 

-fellow weeb
1:18 im so sorry
5 million views.. You should have more subs c:
Does filthyfrank actually smoke?
Better than Kendrick
I honestly think this one is my favorite
i like how frank always freeballs it when he wears that suit lmao.
I kinda like this
Which video did frank get stuck in the rice fields?????
I can honestly turn up to this
I made shit rice balls but still ate it doh
Isn't this the fucking disgusting bitch that made Vomit Cake and Hair Cake
Tyler the creator vibe
a fuk you man
add some garlic butter with the rice.
This video is a lie. No self-respecting Japanese person wouldn't have a rice cooker in their house.
can u put instrumentals on your band camp site, perticularly this cause I'd like to use this beat to practice my skills
Actually so fucking skilled, keep it up bro would love more pink guy music n shit
Wtf
This is ridiculous producing
Please more b0ss
the quality content I got on you tube for in the first place.
FUCK THAT'S GOOD!
The only way to watch pink guy is butt naked.
damn, he makes better music than most artists today.
This is the corey in the house reboot intro
when franks house is cleaner than your own.
not my proudest fap...
Beat dropped harder than me.
this should be in your lyrics :
"22 o clock
hard as a rock
ready to fuck (yup)
I'm talking bout my cock!"
lets just take moment and embrace the awsomeness that is a man who decides to cook traditional japanese cuisine and rap.........HE IS THE HERO WE NEED
The way that rice ball stuck to the window at the end... This mufucka can make some damn quality rice balls mannnnn!!
i wish frank was on OF 4 years ago
I love it when we all become autists to appreciate pinkguy's rebel mind :3
VEVOpapafrank
Frank please make us pay for the next Pink Guy album, I need to pay you for this talent
Dis beet fire tho
lit lit lit
this song is Badass 😀
ok 😐
Put this on iTunes faggot
he should do a song with Sam lachow
When I become one with the celestial entity of Zorg the constrictor, please let me embody the host form of pink guys garment
will u marry me papafranku
I came so hard when I watched this
wtf I'am on the dark side of youtube?
i dont need a microwave!
Reminds me of Odd Future
That beat is fucking top man
Mhhhh...Onigiri filled with tuna and mayonnaise. Served on a pile of shit.
it's funny his song reminded me of the song ( my dick)
Filthy frank should have his own rice ball store
u influenced me to start smoking... best decision of my life
For Real He Is An Amazing Rapper And Cook
I Wish I Was That Skilled
fckin lit.
ay what it do man 
-Cancer20-16
da beat is beautiful
This is actually really good, better than most fucking rap like 99% seriously
is this filthy Frank actually rapping
im no spek inglish
man wtf, say my name.
this is actually pretty dope
Lawww bee
Put dis on iTunes pls
I HABE CHEF PLIS
This is art
nice proletr reference, lol
like I hate rap but hey this is pretty good
Wtf was that
Anyone know what audio equipment he uses for producing?
My personal favorite Pink Guy rap! LMAO!
this makes me so angry it's so genius. what the hell
this is pretty good xD
proleteR reference?
this is lit
Praise me.
Damn frank is good at this shit
the beat is fire tbh
God damn. Frank's voice turns me on.
Make a vid with Tyler the Creator.
I Dont Why When I See This Video Ihad Click it
i worry about them sometimes. i realy do
"If you wanna live, you gotta stay filthy"
I want to die
they should make a pink guy restaurant where he cooks and raps then throws the food at you
I learned how to make rice balls from watching this
You make my asshole quiver
I downloaded sound cloud just for his music
you Live in a dump
This video inspired me to clean my bathroom and kitchen
i succ u
His cute chin beard
Beat*
ι ℓσνє тнιѕ ѕσиg the best band the words are unique I love it (≧∇≦)/
Where is doza by nyeeeees?
Pink Guy needs to take up an actual rap career
this is so fucking sick. does anyone know any songs/rappers with similar styles? i don't listen to rap much.
foda
Who is funnier Angry Grandpa or Filthy Frank
Become a rapper franku
is this beat available?
I hate these music videos
what does it say in the beginning
pink guy , hard as fuck.
Hey Balls!!
actually brock makes the best donuts
0:18 when you realize papa franku has a small penis
fire
This was a nice cooking tutorial
wow look at those jelly donuts
YAAA FUCK YA WOOOOO
This one's filthy, great job
this shit needs to be on Spotify
still better than Tyler the Creator
Mc pink guy
Best beat of the entire univers inside the world that we live in the space of youtube (LAA LAA LAA LA BY)
How to make filthy frank music video

Pink guy
Nice beat
Ramen
Kitchen
Black people
More ramen
10 pounds of ramen
Memes
10 truck of ramen
Drugs
damn, pinkguy be spittin fire
Haters will say this is fake
I played this in school and started a conga line like Twenty people where behind me
Woah it got real when he started talking 😂
feels good listening to franks actual voice lol
I wonder if weed was legal where pink guy lived if he'd be smoking it instead of nasty cigarettes on his videos.
Can we get the instrumental of this please? It's pretty bumping b0ss.
This song is actually better good
this is what starts the fire in my mixtape
Why's your chair only got two legs?
he brings up such a good point i try to get across to so many people. music is music. if you cant jam to frank sinatra and to tyler the creator or to saosin or to so many other fucking bands, you really dont appreciate music for what it really is. even if you dont like a song, respect that the artist took time out of their day to bring you a song and thats more than what most people can do
do this nigga live in a traphouse or something?
Yeah Yeah Your Free For Now But Wait Untill HowToBasic Gets You With Your Buddy Again...
🔥
love it
"WHY IS THE BASS SO LOUD!!" -H3H3
BMO
Shit got real on 1:12
STILL LISTENING TO PINK GUY FUCK YOU!!!! :)
I love this guy!!!!
Frank is actually a lot better at rapping than most people
Der Bass muss ficken!
Damn that fucking ending though, really puts a lot of things into perspective.
Guess you changed your mind though.
He could have a career in rap if he wants
he is omega.
he is the end.
is this actually him rapping
I WANT MORE PINK GUY
He just ashed his cigarette in his own rice.

Oh my.
ok I totally saw his penis through that pink suit in the beginning
1:24 is that BMO saying "Finn"?
I didn't know it said so much bad words and I showed it to my mom
okay but i really like this song
The weird think is I actually listen 2 this anyone else 😂
lah bee
He looks like Tyler Durden
I need to know where I can download his music.          I love Papa Franku but I don't like that he smokes. Love the lyrics though
I just read "NICE BALLS"
Narwals
Really Love This Dude!!!!!No Homo Tho
That's some nice tap water
In all honesty he is actually really fucking talented
pink man got a flow
This is real music
more pink guy raps
This is lit af. I have this is my music playlist
The dopest beat i've heard in a long time. straight filthy
When I saw the thumbnail, I thought it was a short snuff film
Eating rice to this
There was one of those hip teen anti-smoking ads before the video. Imma kms
I want this played at my graduation tonight.
YOU GOT NO PUSSI
What happened to pink guys voice????? How?!
Ha biggie Smalls
The world will end if Pink Guy will get a BET award
This beat hits me harder then my dad.
=D
Holy shit the bass
that stutter at 1:11
nice attention to detail ya
This beat and all ur others are fire. U should be a producer.
this man got bars
If I could describe his channel in one word it would be filthy
Art.
fire
sick beat
"Not to mention we harder than viagra with the big cock"- Pinkguy
( Poetry )
I beat your frickin dad in the school parking lot lol
lol this is too catchy!
The quality of this video is just so good. Good job papa franku! I honestly think you are of the best rappers.
his voice is pretty..
another glorious song
you should put your music on Spotify
Why tf is his music actually fucking fire?
1.25 speed
1:11 holy shit
why am i just seeing this
Were can i listen to that sick ass labie beat?
Can he not afford to buy a nicer house
that moment when you cook rice like that and your sink execpt i use the toilet to much dishes in the sink
Why hasn't pink guy become a millionaire yet
This is fucking dope
it's so really cool men...
Gg m8
I went to the living room, does that count?
song has more trumpet than Pokemon Emerald
this guy is fucking talented
His face kind of looks like Django from Django Unchained.
I like how theres a smoking commercial when pink guy smokes
He's like the Primus of rap
Trill rap my nigga
"dabs"
MAKE MORE PLS
Does he really smoke???
at least 20% of these views are me.
this Is a good beat.
Bababooie
papa franku!!!!!!!!!!
Man you are the shiet :P In a good wey xD best funny videos on internet.
The bass exploded my balls.
Honestly one of your best attempts at rapping. Keep working hard frank :)
you beautiful person
Jelly filled donuts are my favorite!!!
2:31 fuuuuuck howww????
Wtf? "I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe"
surpisingly these aren't that bad
Probably smoked weed after making this.

And before.
I wonder if Frank is an actual smoker
franku kicks ass!!!
PinkOmega tour 2k17 anyone?
best song on the internet 👍
best pink guy joint
Absolute perfection
This how I learned how to cook.
I'd watch cooking shows if pink guy taught us.
Wow these songs of his are really good!
hey thanks buddy :)
bars
this was fire
Eh boss
Despite the comedy you could learn to make rice balls from this.
When the music is actually pretty good
When he throws that thing in slow motion it reminds me so much of Fallout
g
Lob lob
Still better then avengers
i'm in love?
WAIT FLITHY FRANK IS A SMOKER 🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬
Wtf this is dumb af
better then the garbage black people are putting out these days
Ricegum has nothing on pink guy
my content is better
0:43~0:53 sounds like big sean
Not on iTunes?
5 M I L L I O N  V I E W S
N Y E S S S S S S S S S S
LIKE OHHHHHHH
He should do another album
i actually learnt how to make riceballs from this vidio....
i actually learnt how to make riceballs from this vidio....
Hey, that's pretty good.
Bruh I bet you Frank goes to bars to pick up bitches and when he brings them home, they see all the shit laying around and get soaking wet when they realize he's PapaFranku
I love this so much :)
He just roasted his retarded fanbase. A-mazing.
Asian tyler the creator???
(lit shit)
Pinkguy is awesome lol! :D pinkguy! Youre awesome! Youre also funny i love your videos! <3
frank do you have the download for this? Srsly i want to listen to this when I cannot use youtube
Does he actually smoke?
"FUCK DRAKE"
oh shit I'm at my local drive in and the previews are playing and that song at the start of this vid is from an old advertisement for canteen snacks
this beat tho
They need this song on Spotify
"Music is music. If you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem."
Ayy
Aw fuck a cat anti teen smoking ad played. The cringe is real.
This is REAL music. Fuck the people who say it isn't
This rap got me pregnant
Ugh his songs make me wet
Best part at 1:12
Is that actually his apartment?
That saxophone!
I started watching this video and an ad for a degree in special education popped up.... Coincidence? lol
Best video, very artsy.
there needs to be a Pink Guy and A Tribe Called Quest collab
fuxking awesome brooo
Where can I get the beat by itself?
I like how the bottles he knocks the table don't break
one of the best pink guy raps... xant wait till the new new album.
Spiritual mirical lyricle
(Prod me)
i would buy an album for my car of him XD
SPOTIFYYY
http://coub.com/view/cxzht
pink guy put your pink dildo up my ASS
"I'm here to be an act, not a role model." oh damn
Bars
Bars
didnt know bmo had bars
"Finn, Fi-Fi-Fi-Finn"
Beat link plz
This is so dope.
is there a link or anything for the background music
where can i get those gLasses
the beats he uses is actually pretty fire. hell, he is fire
At 1:12 the music gets good
Relatable
Lob
2:50 gg no re m4+4
the starting part sounds like a song from fallout 3
he drops honest rhymes...brutal, but honest
hold on.  Does he have a different voice then a scratched up,  dying sounding noise coming out of his mouth?
Is it weird if I actually like these songs?
I disabled ad block just for franku's crispy rice balls
Can you see the chem trails now
Filthy Frank is gut, aber was ist der ganzen Kostüm etwa?
Ok I had beats on and one ear busted. This has bass.
ur hot bye
Trying to be on some Tyler the creator shit
HOW? in all seriousness your amazing. how the fuck are you not high tier. your funny as fuck and make epic music. like dafuq
You smoke...

I would unsub but i want to get rid of animai
"I'm a nerd but I get pussy." STOP
Hey... THAT'S PRETTY GOOD!





-IDubbbz
When ur crush knows how to cook
i unironically masturbate to this fuck
you shouldn't smoke nigga
1:32 nigga why do you have half of a chair
Put this on Spotify I would totally listen to this fam ,plz
Comparing this to Tyler the Creator is such an insult to papa franku
give me the lyrics pls
I want this shit on Spotify..
Art .
Smokeydogg dedication video  is way better
2:33 that must've been disgusting.
Man. The floor is really dirty. Look at Momo Jin's foot.
this shit is fire🔥
The Asian pink man is on fleek
papa. please. I implore you. allow me to teach the dankness
be my dank memes, senpai.
He good
That was low-key kinda fire thoo
Joji's music always alludes to how much he hates having to make these videos for money when he really wants to be a musician
filthy frank...
fucking blasted off...
i swear i heard this song before and it was "strangle these hookers" not "strangle these fuckers"
Holy shit this Is Dope!
Those jelly donuts look pretty good
I got two separate  links to this video
clean your stove cunt
Fiilllllthhhyyyyyyy.
wtf he is amazing at everything.
He needs to work with Tyler the creator like ASAP
Hands down to the king!
This is fire.
favorite love song all the time :)
Fire
Analog 2 and Jamba by Tyler The Creator are basically ever Pink Guy song lol
Beat flopped harder than magikarp using splash.
He could easily be a rapper for a living.
Come on I just finished watching fried noodles (not complaining though).
holy shit this bass is disgusting - I love it
Hey FilthyFrank, your raps are actually very good xD
dat sax tho
Is that a contrabass saxophone in the background?
sounds like Earl Sweatshirt
this is realest shit you'll hear tbh
my dad taught me how to make these
radiator pipe... k
Filthy Frank is the epitome of every cynical being
this guy makes me wonder why and how people could dislike rap
Fuck you just scared the shit out of me those beats hit my speakers hard!
I really respect that "speech" at the end there. It's so true. Keep making music. We love you, Pink Omega! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
When is pink guy album 2.0 coming?
absolute anthem
Why does this come up for "anyways here's wonderwall"?
I think I know why he has cancer
i find it funny that hes actually a good rapper and singer and then does this shit lol
this has some hella bass

shakes my fucking walls with my sub bruh
yo dad, wanna hook us up with a link to download this beat?
reminds me of tyler the creator :Þ
FIRE
What's the midi controller he's using at the beginning, while he's in the bath tub?
him and tyler should collab
Picture this....Tyler the creator and filthyFrank?
I don't need a microwave!!
Yeah, Japan already got nuked.
If everything goes south for Pink Guy he could do some rap and singing or beat production no joke
this dude make some sick ass music tho
If you listen closely, that tapping sound is franks shotgun pumping.
this is what i call good mysic x'D
He should make more Music Vidoes, i mean he only could do music :D cuz hes rlly good :D i rlly like it, and FRIED NOODLES :D
ye boi got some riceballs up in this hoodlum
Killer whales Cohort
THE BASS IS FUCKING STRONG IN THIS ONE!!
when tf u making a new album, gay retard?
this video showed me how to cook
pink guy would make a great wife
This song is better then most of the shit I hear on the radio! Congrats TVFilthyFrank you have made another masterpiece
THE FOOKIN' BASE BOSS!
2:43 o shit he's talking normally.
Yo Frank makes some badass beats. He could easily be a producer, hes got a good ear, vision and understanding.

I actually seriously listen to this
is that really his home?
Starngely, this made me learn how to make rice balls
1:25 I like the part where the bottle nearly nailed it, then fell over and died like a bitch. Poetry.
Art.
damn 01:12 boiiii
no lie. the Beat is beautiful af its like so chill and turn up at the same time
I'm hesitant to subscribe and like and give this views because he smokes, and so the money he makes from me will at least in part go to cigarettes... But because he is such an incredible artist with so much creative genius I think I have to. I just wish he didn't smoke.
The Piano was such a nice touch
His voice low key hawt as hell
kys
I made onigiri tonight for dinner. Just thought you should know.
lyrics?
He is actually sick at making music
COMMENT SECTION 
I HAVE AN IDEA
damn this guy is talented!
Hmm.. Thats pretty good!
dat boi
I use this song to test my smoke alarms
atleast this is so much better than sweat shirt by jacob saggytits 😃😃😃😃
just think ,you ate some rice balls and after sometimes you found out pink guy made them ......
I love your voice and your art. What are you trying to tell us with this song?
Pink Omega
Is this his real voice btw?!!
Let's go to the lobby
Can't stop listening this good shit..
LET US CLEAN YOUR HOUSE.
OF anyone?
0:18 nice duck
Why does Pink Guy not have a Spotify?
how do you make this kind of good shit
Am I the only one who listens to Frank's music unironically?
sick beat brah
Where is that beep beep from?
proleter reference in the bathtub
It’s cool
I love...
rice square's????
put it a 1.25 speed and its the perfect party song
How is his voice this smooth after doing the Frank voice
i listen to this while im rating asian kids ( edgy as fuck)
Lobby                                                              lobby
does filthy frank even smoke there is nicotine in that dude dont get hooked on it
Hey, this is pretty good.
this is the closest you'll get to actually hearing him talk normally
Can I have your babies plz
PINK GUY 2 WHEN?
please let me clean your apartment. I can't watch these video's anymore.
I want to go clean his house
When the song is actually fire
Yo where can I download this shit?
I now know how to make rice balls thanks to this video.
GET THIS ON SPOTIFY
dis nigga need help
Feels like an e dubble Freestyle Friday
pretty good rap to be honest
How to feel readlgood.jpg

Turn bass all the way up

Put earhpones in ass

V I B R A T I O N S
This video came out the day my grandma died
Funky shit man. I like it
In all honesty, I would lowkey ask Papa Franku to marry me.
I never spank my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday.
Holy shit this beat.
Frank is a better rapper than any of these famous rappers. His lyrics, while vile, are much more intricate than modern rap. Props to him.

...And I just downloaded the full album after listening to 3 songs.
Papa Frank lives in this shithole, wow
this is dope though
Frank should make more vids like this one.
I came from rice gum xD
Filthy Frank and Tyler creator make a song together, id watch it. and then be admitted to a padded room.
He's pretty good
Nic beats m8
f u c k   me   daddy
иыдяац!
That bass is making my headphones vibrate
This is amazingI approve
what program do you use to make your songs
Song slaps actually
------------------------- GUESS WHO IT IS? -----------------------------
──────▄▀▀▄────────────────▄▀▀▄────
─────▐▒▒▒▒▌──────────────▌▒▒▒▒▌───
─────▌▒▒▒▒▐─────────────▐▒▒▒▒▒▐───
────▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▌─▄▄▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄─▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▌──
───▄▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐───                                        IT'S CANCER KAT!
─▄▀▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌───
▐▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐───                Help Cancer Kat get top comment 
▌▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌──                       
▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▄▒▒▐──             
▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌─▄▄─▐▌▒▒▒▐▌─▄▄─▐▌▒▒▌─                
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌▐█▄▌▐▌▒▒▒▐▌▐█▄▌▐▌▒▒▐─               
▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▌─▀▀─▐▌▒▒▒▐▌─▀▀─▐▌▒▒▒▌             
▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▐
▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▀▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▀▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▄▀▄▒▒▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▒▄▀▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▒▄▀▒▒▒▒▐
▒▓▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▓▓▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌             
▒▒▓▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌─         
▒▒▓▓▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐──            
▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▒▌─           
▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▐─
this song is fucking dope tho
Can I get this on iTunes
Lmao, but better than Tyler the creator tbh
he does this shit for fun but he's better than half the rappers out here
Ching Ching bing bong
1:12 sounds like some fckin Samurai Champloo ost XD The flow is crispy mate
love this song beat and lyrcs are killer
그냥 내 똥 까지 가족 씨발
wait is his house really that messy or does he fuck it up for the video settings

im dying help
so is this pink guy or pink omega
Why does this video make my pussy so wet
The "like oh" part is 5435890/10
the worst part is that it's actually really good music
The beat is fucking killer. Lyrics need work.
"Ill fuck you with a radiator pipe"
That beat is fire 🔥
lets all go to the lobby, lets all go to the lobby, lets all go to the lob, lob, lobloblob, lob be be, lob, lob, loblob, be
at least we know he drinks good beer from those stella bottles
This beat goes hella hard
i feel like pink guy is actually depressed and doesn't know how to cope with it
The last good video by Franku
Nigger Barz
From 1:12 you can tell its inspired by some of Tyler the creators stuff if you get what I mean listen to the album WOLF and you'll see what I mean.
Hear it on 1.25 speed ! its sounds so sick haha
👌🏽👌🏽👌🏽
this was a awesome rap o.o nice good frank! :D keep up the good work!!
wait so does he actually smoke outside of his videos or does he do it for entertainment purposes? ive always wondered....
Incredible
I'm pinkguy's #1 fuccboi
Why is this better than 90% of mainstream music lol?
eu mesmo não entendendo nada eu acho esse cara foda
I like how frank was real with us for a second there
White version of Tyler the creator
You are a very talented man.  I hope you know that. :)
Is papa Franky Korean?
He needs a record deal... Like right now
lobbeeee lolo lo lo lo lobbyyy
pink guy looking like a dapper muther fucker towards the end there
never understood why ppl want "real music" like this shit is fuckin rad u guys fuck u talkin about
sounding like watsky a bit
This is actually fire
anyone got the og instrumental?
that be very nice ty
this plus furry porn equals the best wank ever
nice cancer m87
I didn't know Frank smoked :/
The fucking ad before the video was uncle bens rice!
I actually rock this shit in my car ngl
I swear...He brings me life
This was a very educational tutorial on how to make rice balls! Thank you!
Why you are so SEXUAL??
I think I can beat Frank in a rap battle, anyone agree?
The beat makes sex seem like it can be applied to the upper orifices, other than the mouth.
he should join odd future
So when you gonna get a record deal and quit being a fucking casual :^)
thats a really good song, without the words
What's that piano sample?
Pink guy x Tyler the creator
this is kinda catchy
this song is actually pretty good!
hope you know this "not real music" kicks ass
Still better than "watch me"
We get it, you vape
What if I told you the song us in the key of D ?
Microwave
Fuck he is like a Japanese Tyler
My reaction to the comments: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
lah be be be be laaah
https://www.change.org/p/the-illuminati-make-pewdiepie-the-president-of-the-world?recruiter=549409124&utm_source=share_for_starters&utm_medium=copyLink
You encouraged me to produce hip hop beats
2:25 New wallpaper! Thanks
he actually p good listen to these beats
Daddy
OH SHIT
I love that you your shit actually has content and is lit
seriously Frank keep doing this
Fried noodles beats it
the instrumental cured my ADHD
Lmaoo is he fucking smoking american spirits?
What hardware do you use for producing (also what DAW if any)
2:43 Truth
this burned my Rice Balls its so lit
Throws cigarette into air falls in into the mouth the wrong way
Why do I want a mixtape from this dude so bad
Get ur shit on Spotify / Apple Music, gaht damn, let us enjoy ur shit errywhere!!
Same
I fucking love Frank legit makes me happy
I love this song. And Ramen King. And Fried Rice. But especially all of them.
got damnn why does he act so gay but he can rap, stick to that frank
tbh that rice look perfect asf
Anyone else get  proleter  in the tub at the begining?
how the fuck has it already been 4 months since this was uploaded
Where can I buy a pinkguy suit?
1.25 speed holy shit b0ss
This video is all about what he says at 2:35
I keep getting anti-smoking ads when I watch these videos..
That moment when FilthyFrank is better than any rapper out there today ._.
start making music more fam fucking love you
█▀▀ ░▀░ █▀▀ ▀▀█▀▀ 　 █▀▄▀█ █▀▀ 　 █▀▀▄ █▀▀█ █▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █░░█ 
█▀▀ ▀█▀ ▀▀█ ░░█░░ 　 █░▀░█ █▀▀ 　 █░░█ █▄▄█ █░░█ █░░█ █▄▄█ 
▀░░ ▀▀▀ ▀▀▀ ░░▀░░ 　 ▀░░░▀ ▀▀▀ 　 ▀▀▀░ ▀░░▀ ▀▀▀░ ▀▀▀░ ▄▄▄█
Why isn't pink guy on Spotify?
Why is ksi on Spotify but this isn't
PINK GUY NEEDS TO GO ON TOUR
Dude's actually so talented.
whe-when you and f-frank have the same dining chairs
what studio does he use?
ribbit
The best line by far is: "I don't need a microwave, because I'm already heated." It's so bad it's good.
I suck dick
I suc dick
I suc dick
I suck dick
I suk dick
Gutter brought me here :D
thanks for the recipe
at 1:24 I swear it sounds like BMO saying "Finn" over and over again
Dude I don't know why I'm telling u this but my house has like an other room downstairs and there's another family living there and there's some guy down there screaming or somthing wtf...he's probably drunk or high or just mad. But I'm just here listening to filthyfrank lol
Waiting for spotify..
what the fuck is up w that shower lolol. tile stuck to a piece of plywood shimmed w 2x4s 6 inches off the wall. that is classic. wtf. frank, u do that renovation?
DAT BOI
i need this beat
I assure you guys that this is best listened to with the speakers CS-603 Pioneer
pink sheep vs pink guy... 
all i have to say
He looks like tingle from The legend of zelda lol
Who else thinks this guy needs to be guest stated on ridiculousness
wtf did i just watch
He just might be How to Basics
But im not a rapper
watch this at 1.25 speed. it just makes it better
Why does Pink Guy only SPEAK during his rap vids?
I still like the erectile dysfunction beat better
clearly channeling the ghost of nujabes
What camera does FF use?
Vape in my pussy and call me your meme slut
this guy's actually a good rapper
This is better than Tyler The Creator.
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good song!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█
Frank walks into a club and gets all the pu$$ies but when the bitches realize they fucked a weirdo on youtube, regrets appear faster than dick warts
This song, of course, is only in PG's mind. In reality, he's just like "Ey b0ss i have a cancer" and "EAYDNFHFHSDND" repeatedly.
who else watches him and follows his cooking and it turns out the shit is really good
Franku-San... Why? You... I need to get away... YOUVE TURNED INTO RAPPER. I DONT WANT YOUR MIX TAPE. HOW DARE YOU. I... Need to leave.... You...
I watch all these videos religiously
nice rice
this song is fucking lit, goddamn. i was deaf but after being exposed to this fire, i can hear now
the "LABBHEE" has haunted me.
cool
His apartment is fucking disgusting dude
10/10
This is the best song! So catchy and I swear it's my favourite.
that fuckin beat tho
The beat is awesome
this is no doubt the most legit track you've ever made
FUCK ME DADDY
Pink Omega - Kung Pao
seriously wtf man frank can flow
Lyrics? Please
i came here to enjoy myself before killing myself
Can I clean ur place? It's bothering me. XD
Pink guy or Tyler, The Creator?
papa franku i downloaded this song and listened it at school over and over again
Still better than Kanye West
what did he make the beat with?
You know Frank is a smart guy when he can rap in his second language
pink mang
Pick guys have barz
Colab with Tyler, the Creator pls <33
The bass in this song is insane. Thanks franku senpaii i came 5 times.
i want ur glasses
frank.......... DONT TELL ME YOURE AN INTERNET RAPPER. YOU KNOW BETTER THAN THIS.
boss
ONIGIRI
FRANKU  X TYLER NEEDS TO HAPPEN
i like the way he sampled that beat
This is Lowkey my favorite song. Other than kill your self.
A comment with the lyrics is what we need.
when the beat started I was like, "wow this is good shit"
used as a real rice ball tutorial
Still my favorite pink guy rap
this is really fucking great
Cuz im always heated! THATS NOT FUNNY!
nice mix of funny lyrics and killer beats!
I sung this whole song at my school talent show ........ expelled but worth it
I honestly wish he would release these on iTunes
PIANO DROP IS SO INSANE !
how do i play on loop?
At 1:14 he turns into Tyler, the creator
This makes me moist
We need frank on iTunes
id fuck
何で、生きてるの❓
This beat kinda sounds like the one in the end of Jungle Boy
i thought this video was going to be its not
Please don't tell me this is where he actually lives lol
I bought a new headset just to hear the bass in this song. It was worth the $130.
Makes sense because his a japanese...trying not to be racist...... But it's f*cking weird man
Is that his real house
Sounds Like " Raw Beat " instead of Lobby at the beginning.
good shit
I ate the acid by accident again. shit.
I really enjoy this shit yo.
Stop being a fucking useless meme and express your talent and become a rapper damn, you have talent
Lobby
9 out of 11 best anal i had in 3 years. I had some damn good anal when I was 6 though
onigiri wo tabemasu
im just wondering is this guy dead im not sure if he killed himself or old age or whatever? is he still alive if he is i cant find any new videos
LOO-LOO LOOB BY
How is this the best rap ive ever heard?
Is he Japanese? Because he has Japanese writing on his wall and he did this rice ball video...
first video I've ever liked for this channel. idkw tho
tbh you should become a raperr
im getting  tyler the creator vibe
Sounds like a typical Earl Sweatshirt beat
i watch this every day
still not as good as Politikz's Hand on my gat.
I have to listen to this song at least five times a week or I'll die.
I put this and some of the pink guy album songs in my dads car playlist, he doesn't understand English and I'm enjoying it
Easily my second favourite rapper, not playing nigro
The beat is dope mate
Tyler the creator much
can someone call asap rocky and tyler the creator to do an album with him?
a e s t h e t i c s
i want to kill myself :)
dic
I love this song and the other but I am actually concerned for his health, I really hope he's doing alright.
the fact that their lyrics actually flow and the beat is lit af just makes it all even better
wait so is frank 100% jap?
hes an impressive cook to be honest
Dope ass bass
badass song. I love when 1:12 comes in
I want a pink guy shirt that says I don't need a microwave
Never eat at filthy franks house
rice balls and fried noodles is fire
Gotta be honest, this is some of the best cinematography i have ever seen in a youtube video.
what is this ??
should we laugh ??
serious question !
the sad thing is. this is better than 90% of todays music
E-Dub, No?
wow another nice song
I love cooking videos
papa franku's raps cleanses my soul
Rice balls > Fried noodles
you gain some weight 😶
Sir frank the filth everybody
I don't care what anyone says, your one of my favorite rappers
i was so hoping that rice ball was going to go out the window. what a disappointment.
this is actually good shit boi and frank u always r my go to, to make me haappy thx dude
all hail pink guy
dank/10
anyone know where I can download this? Dont mind paying but its not the pink guy album
This guy should join odd future
just realized this was dropped on my birthday xDDDD
pink souls
nigga
good
is
pussy
this is actually some good shit
spotify pls
Its crazy how he doesnt have a vlog channel after all his real voice is fucking bad ass
Does he need a microwave?
Damn your house is filthy filthy frank.
Where the recipe for those rice balls
This is fucking incredible
This is really good
am i the only one who hears raw meat in stead of lobby at beginning
@FilthryFrank love your vids, but what's up with the constant mess of your home. by the way is HowtoBasic really a guy?!
this some tyler the creator shit
i was a fan but now i am an air conditioner
The only rice balls that you can eat are at the bottom of my dick.
I love how he doesn't give a shit about viewers
TYLER THE CREATOR WANNABE!







this is damn good though
Beat so hot it lit my cigaret
I actually listen to all his songs unironically
Frank is a kind of guy that are smart af but acts like an idiot
Welcome to the terror dome.
the upper echelon, investing on these large balls.
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese. 
killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals.
I'm just tryna stangle these fuckers.
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers. 
I'm just tryna strangle these-

this the beep blop. 
you make the beat flop.
breathing more Kush in than the seat got, so we got the beat droppin harder than your son's balls at 12, 
not to mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock.

I'll fuck you in the mouth again,
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo, I be hearin shit,
so don't be fucking me, cuz bet your ass I'm hearing it.

Fuck your dog, I can smack at your teeth.
and I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe.

(what, is that too rude?)

I'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses, I'm running up in the premises helping you tie your nooses, cuz all of you fucks are clueless, and do not know how to do this, I act retarded kn stage and then put my fingers in pussies like
Like Oh.
Oh. 
Oh.

I fuck around for money like a cam whore, 
jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some GAY SHIT.
I fight your dad in the parking lot and/or beat their fucking teeth in cuz they RAISE SHIT. 
You sound like:
"I never spank my kids, and I raised a piece of shit, and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday."
oh
This one's for the folks that be dead inside.
mini-golf champions, you got no drive, playa.
fuckbois treat my dick like a trampoline.
I only work with paper like a fax machine.

I'm on the car hood, screaming like a mammal, ripping through the flannel, burning ass on my chest with a camel.
I'm here to be an act, not a role model.
don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle.

I'm just chillin, making rice balls
errday.
I'm a simple man,
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave...

Cuz I'm already heated
(that's not funny)

UUUH WE WANT REAL MUSIC. WE WANT REAL MUSIC WE WANT CHOJI MUSIC.

Bruh, I didn't even know that real and fake music existed. I think it's kinda your fault for separating that shit into categories.
Like, music is music, if you don't think this is music, like, that your fucking problem. Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video, ya know?
whatever, man. It's ya boy, Pink guy, PinkOmega, whatever the fuck you want to call, me, comin at ya, still doin that wacky crazy shit, bruh. ain't nothing changed.
so SE YA NEXT TIIIIIME.
Lets all go to the laaaaaaaaaaah
Bie
I just think its hilarious how his lyrics are weird but theres almost always a great beat
these songs r actually fire...like tf damnn
Instructions unclear, dick stuck in lobby, BECAUSE THOSE DAMN DEAD BODIES ARE IN THE WAY OF THE FUCKING ELEVATOR AGAIN!
The next twenty one pilots song is great
pink guys best song
His house is so dirty it tilts me
How has no one got snoop on this shit I'm waiting for the colab
Fried Rice by G Eazy reminded me of this

I bob to this unironically
It's a serious tunr
I want to make Rice balls too now.
Bro, You are fucking talented man...
What does our Filthy papa think about Hitler?
can i rip this off youtube haha
tyler, are you okay you look white
he raps fire
I feel bad for his neighbors but I also think they're lucky
I want rice balls now
who is filthy frank? explain who is this
Better than Slim Jesus.
SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL IT'S PURE SHIT


please i'm dying inside and this channel is the only thing that keeps me going.



     |/|
     |/|
     |/|
     |/|
     |/|
     |/|
     |/| /¯)
     |/|/\/
     |/|\/
    (¯¯¯)
    (¯¯¯)
    (¯¯¯)
    (¯¯¯)
    (¯¯¯)
    /¯¯/\
   / ,^./\ /
  / /      \/\
 / /        \/\
( (          )/)
| |           |/|
| |           |/|
| |           |/|
( (          )/)
 \ \       / /
  \ `     -' /
     `---&#39;--
make a song with Tyler the Creator
please release these dirty beats my man
New Pink Guy album in the making???
the beat isnt half bad hey
I tunes please
these,song are legit
Lololoobeebebebebeebeee
"popping off on some gay shit" lol
Lmao one of those fucking don't smoke ads he made fun off came on before this. I'm dead
We need a second Pink Guy Album. You've got some good new songs.
0:49 best
actulaly very good
Awesome
What's that hardware lying at the edge of bath? Just curious what this freak is working on ;P
I can listen to this on repeat 5 lyf lmao fire
what a fucking legend.
"Girls bounce on my dick like a trampoline" best line
Pink Omega #realhiphop #fuckdrake
can you put this on spinrilla please i beg masta
Ny i skolko tyt Russkih?
i came at 2:25
fuck man he's so talented and his sampling in his production is so dope. let's at least get an ep.
i feel bad for your window
He can rap
He should put this on iTunes.
he uses the og method and not the wrap one
respeck
Lobby
I think this place is giving me the fear...
How did he catch the cig in his mouth??? XD
I find it quite likely that papa franku solely started smoking to look more swaggish
I am for fucking real this beat is absolute fire lol.
Pink Guy songs are better than most famous songs
why did i watch his videos.....
this is honestly such a good song I want his music on spotify
Bad internet rapers :v
He might be weird as FUCK but he's a good song writer
love this and FRIED NOODLES plz make more like itttttttt
Tingle, from Legend of Zelda.
0:37 is a beautiful wallpaper
This is actually dope though...
yo can someone tell me some songs that are like this (from filthy frank or not) i wanna hear more things like this
I want to hug him. He's adorable. And hella cool. Like jfc.
what program you use??
This is the new slim shady
the filthy frank channel is a delicate ecosystem, basically 13 year old kids find him edgy and a way to escape there drug addict father so they subscribe then 50 year old predators see all the kids with no self esteem and subscribe and act like 13 year old faggot memers to catch kids to sell to the African sex trade. then the kids grow up in Africa when they are fifty they move back to america and see all the kids on filthy frank's channel and go on the hunt for 13 year olds, and the system repeats
I would love to see him as a member of Odd Future
This song gives me life
the transition at 1:14 is really reminiscent of tyler the creator
I bet 150k views are mine, fuck im addicted
Isn't let's all go to the the lobby from every movie in the world?
so what kind of grain of rice did you use?
U smoke too much frankus
Man, this actually sounds like Nujabes on meth.
this is actually aesthetic af
Made my first rice balls ever today!
This is my favorite of your raps, the "Lobby" loop is so innovative, truly impressed.
Frank drops more bars than a jail cell.
orange guy
this is one of my favorite songs
can we have a pink omega vs politikz rap battle
Not gonna lie, ya gots Beats bOss
Beat is golden
this shits firer
I want to party with you guys so bad haha it would be epic asf
do you ever clean your house pinkomega?
This is probably one of the best videos on TVFilthyFrank
my new favorite song
drop the beat like people with polio
his stove is much cleaner here than compared to his newest song.
Filthy frank as Django 2:24
+TVFilthyFrank Hey Big Papa I need the Rice Balls!
I Like Corey in the house as well its a really good anime I get that we like the same shit.
you are cancer
Not even lying he songs are actually fire. like foreals i get Tyler the Creator vibes
Dude that "let's all go to the lobby" they play that as the commercial for Regal theaters right?
Frank you sound you sound just like Jedbrii, thats an Australian rapper or something
Why do people call onigiri rice balls if they're triangle shaped?
so catchy
1:23 Is that Hatsune Miku? Fucking weeaboo.
Your bath tub is fucking shit dude what is made out of??
What DAW did he use??
One of the best Pink Guys songs. Right?
press 4 over and over again for him to keep saying retarded
1:10
this really is my favorite out of all these songs
Anyone have a link or video of his side music ? .o.
I'm not a fan of rap at all, at least not what rap has become, anyway I really think this is really good.
His lyrics, beats, and delivery is all golden. It's like the few gems that you find on soundcloud. It's like that new age shit.
1:27 what happened to the rest of that chair?
My least favorite part was 3:24
Hello, New Spice here, 

Look at yourself in the mirror.
Then look back at the comment.
Look at yourself again,
Look at the comment,
Open google chrome/ new tab,
go to google.com,
Type into google "Bleach sales near me"
Proceed to drive to the destination
Buy bleach,
Put bleach bottle without cap into your mouth
Down the bottle of bleach.
Proceed to masturbate to midget bbw dolphins under the sea.
(IF YOU ARE POOR)
Go to the bleach sale,
Ask for a "free sample"
Then proceed to chug down the bottle of bleach in front of your mother because you are 12 and you can't drive, then choke on the bottle cap after poisoning yourself so you die from lack of oxygen intake.
Rice balls are gross.
his place a hot mess
Was that BMO saying "Fin"
is the bathtub thing a proleter refference?
I'm happy to say that i finally learned this song completely! Now i can officially commit suicide! :D
If Tingle smoked weed, he'd be this guy
This music is actually really good, you're really talented man, keep makin music
why aren't you on Spotify? 😭
how many cigarettes did you waste?
i'm not joking but this shit is fucking lit asf
needs more raps like this!
papafranku in glorious 60fps
u got bars franku...
It's actually a good song





in a way...
This beat 🔥🔥🔥
Love your music man, can't wait to see what other music you have in store for us :)
This feels Tyler, The Creator inspired
Nice shades, bruh.
Pink Omega? Has Pink Guy finally transcended life?
Does this mean we also get Alpha Frank, or Beta Man?
This song is awesome. I love the cinematography! So... Fight Club-ish... Know what I mean?
pink guy has a beard
born in the wrong generation...





XD OH WAIT!
Frank, plz just for one video speak with your normal voice. sorry if how you speak in videos IS your normal voice XoXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOx
This guy reminds me of Tingle from Zelda
Hontestly, i think this is a really good song
The instrumental is actually really good XD
BRUH I DIDNT KNOW YOU WERE SUCH A GOOD FUKIN RAPPER MAN YOU FUCKING KILLED IT
I listen to this seriously.
Could you create a playlist with all your beats without the lyrics so we can do some weird shit with 'em ?
1:11 to 1:36 is my favorite
I want a feature from Papa Frank
I love this beat!
SHIIIET THE BASS
this is suprisingly good
This is my driving around song.
Jerk it to my my titties, pop it off on some GAY SHIT
This rap just has me listening to it over, over, over, and over!
The beat gives me an everlasting orgasm
dig ur songs, FRANKIE
"oh yeah this actually really good wow this is actually good actually frank the creator you should actually make more of these frank the creator"
Everyone who makes these kinds of comments, shut up.
I feel sorry for that apartment...
is that his real voive
I would pay to see you live .
this guy should have tours
Real talk. Best rice ball instructional ever.
I feel like Frank is turning Pink Guy into the real him so he can still express his actual views without there being an uproar about it.
There needs to be a Pink Guy and Tyler, the Creator collab.
yumm
i want his glasses
I make similar content to this good man. Praise me, praise him.
definitely the best Pink Guy rap.
2:33-2:35 that smile tho...~>_<~
1:52 close your eyes...


//nosebleeds ≧﹏≦
This shit is fire
I hope his house is that messy on purpose.
Frank > Eminem > Kanye
Fucking love the chorus
love this track so much omg
the rapping is so reminiscent to Tyler, the Creator in 2011
liked kill your self better
Despite all the shit you did in this video I still somehow want rice balls from watching this video.
Does anyone else think that he would actually be a decent cook if he didn't mess around and make a mess all the time?
put that speed on 1.25
1:46 That is fucking golden, I can't stop laughing
rap master 9.0
Yo Frank is low key killing the rap game
Art
This is art!!
still can't get enough of this after all these months
The title track turns to 'Onigri' if you download from youtubetomp3. 's pretty cool.
Was that cat food or tuna
ey b0ss can u stop being so talented pls
still the best pink guy song
Frank spits hotter shit than the ovens in Auschwitz.
All of a sudden, I want to be Pink Guy
4 M I L L I O N   V I E W S
N Y E S S S S S S S S S S
is this guy on crack
4,000,057 views wow
4 Million views finally

hopefully this means chinchin is pleased
4 mil
this beat is fire
I realize this is an older video, but you need to seriously get into music. Like let's go nooga, this has been on repeat for almost a week straight.
Я из России, я потерял Путина, водку, медведя и балалайку, помогите мне их найти
How many character is this guy?
Aye u got bars nigga
pink guy vs ricegum
Nice!
this song is dope as fuck. you have a knack for making sick beats, bro
"I learn japanese from anime"
Has anyone else thought if he smokes outside of these videos?
I'd fucking pay him to clean. Jfc.
is that BMO saying finn
When people hate on younger kids: "Bro, you're going to die before me, thanks for the midlife crisis." 
#MediocreShirt
NYEEEES b00s i got my p00sy wet
This is my new ringtone.
When you realize pink guy music is better than most modern artists
he doesnt need a microwave
Awesome video
still better than the entire ksi "rap" carrer
The moon outside, at the beggining <3
I'm just tryna strangle NFKRZ
Welcome to the terror dome
this is probably my favourite video on the internet xD
I listen this song whenever something good happens. It makes the moment better ^-^
I see you used tuna, but what's your favorite? (Other than pussy)
the actual pink guy could probably be sold for so much
I nucking fate niggers!
This is acc straight fire
A HowToBasic version of how to make rice balls
Me como la pola todos los dias
dope shit
Glorious.
Filthy af
damn, that was actually lit
Clean your house cunt.
dank as always
damn that rapskills!!!
damn nigga clean your stove
This shit is reminiscent of little dicky
How tf are we supposed to get his songs?
wow . sombody should sign him like def jam or something....
Daaaaaaaaamn That BASS thooo!!Gg bruh!
somehow the 'lobby' thing works really well.
This is easily the best Pink Guy rap.
He really is freaking talented
fuck me please daddy
fuck me daddy
HEY POPS, its ur boy. HIT ME UP WITH THAT PAPA KNOWLEDGE> I NNED THE CHEEAW
dude you look exactly like tingle
this suck
This man is an aussian?
Beating your kids often just fucks them up.
Weird, youd think it would work lol j
Man I can't wait to eat this jelly donut!
0:18 what kind of shower is that
Fo real tho your rapping is so good
so edgy
the cinematography is god tier
does he really smoke?
praise papa franku
Why isn't this on spotify
shoulda ended it how it began..... so it could loop
My friends dislike filthy Frank I told em to fucking kill themselves they didn't. o well it was just a prank.
you're my hero papafranku.
Anybody know what Papa Franku uses to make these beats? I like the shitty sounds
nice playback :)
I wonder how dirty his house is...
I would love to see pink guy and action bronson rap together.
lob lob lob,lobbyby, lob lob lobbyby
WTF
I actually fuck with this so hard
This sounds like this could be tyler, the creators song
like meh rap B0$$
This some bomb ass shit.
How the fuck does this guy make me laugh and feel hungry and horny at the same time?
this is some fucked cooking show
niggerfaggot
I never spanked my kids
This is heat but if he used actual rap lyrics my house would burn down
This is my song for the apocalypse.
FAVORITE SONG WISH IT WAS ON I TUNES BC IVE BEEN LISTENING ON REPEAT FOR 2 weeks
"Lets all go to the lobby!"
Holy shit the bass
PINK GUY DANCE
ch0ke on dem Rice Balls :^D
This is my life in a video clip
I live near this fag, time to stalk
Ricegum?
This is actually quality!
Waiting on the next album like...
if the sun goes out just play this shit
I'll fuck you with a radiatior pipe. What is that too rude? Comedy gold
all haters drink bleach
Has to be one of my favourite Pink Guy raps. :)
This be the sickest beat eva dropped
Now I'm all hungry
this is actually good..
This is one of the dopest tracks on the internet rn.
who else went to the lobby?
Damn nigga, bars dropped harder than my balls last year. 

I'm 13 btw
Damn man u got some pan flipping rice plan fam
Flows better than the stream of cum on Mia Khalifa
This is glorious in HD
Tbh I can't tell which is better, this or Chloe Burbank.
I played this at school and the fire alarms went off
Dat 60FPS tho. I came nigga !
0:53 to 1:11 is the best part :3
Does he accually smoke?
Frank is my dad. ISIS
this is like a fusion between Bastard-era Tyler the Creator and Das Racist.
am i the only one who gets shivers from looking at that kitchen
Play 7 7 7 8 8 8 7 7 7 8 8 8.
the glasses doe
My nigga T!
Papa Franku 2016!
best song to listen to at 4:20
Is that Frank's voice?
You should do real life videos
is it weird that i got hard when he slam the rice down
Filthy can always switch careers to being a rapper if this toob stuff doesnt werk out
Can I lick ur beard?
I'm looking for the Instrumental for the song with the part from 1:11.. It's honestly the best drop I've ever heard and it makes me so sad that I cant get it....
let's all go to the Bobby???

was it???
Why does this go so hard....why...
Yo can you try to make a mashup of lov u and medicine ?
where can we get a download for this one?
You look badass with those glasses and goatee.
If they ever make a new deadpool movie they should have pink guy as deadpool's sidekick
love you papa franku
I masturbate to this song
Where's mi album mane?!?
the bass
i don't need a microwave
Guys lets hate on PvP isazac he is basicly shit
That second beat is gold
Let's all go to the LAAAHBEEE
LAAAHBEEE
Man this is fire, you a genius +TVFilthyFrank
КРАСАУЧИК
Don't like or watch your other videos with the forced comedy shit, but your rap videos are mint.
the lobby beat tho my lord
Frank don't be fucking up your health fam
nujabes???
He's an actually good rapper! Now let's hope he makes a career off of this.
shits lit
I think this video's kind of a fuck you to all the idiot fans who reacted negatively to the FilthyFrank exposes himself video, but also making fum of the other people who want to hear his 'real' music.
Or it could just be an awesome video, but whatever man
Soooooooooooo what about that new pink guy album HUH??
My manz pink got dem bars
ugh his feet!
I find his slight dick outline oddly satisfying
him and tyler the creator would be 🔥🔥🔥
So this is where Pink Guy went.
glad to know he washes his rice
his rapping kinda reminds me of childish gambino
i cant even with this song i love this
The likes on this video are crazy!!!
Tyler the creator type of song
LAHB
These songs are actually super fucking tight, make more!
Frank a lot of people weren't sad you ended up having stokes, I'm among that list. You don't deserve life racist.
Papa Franku vs ricegum
I want race balls now lol, i like when everything got all mellow, make more music frank its the shit!!
u guys are clueless as shit.......I only ACT retarded on stage! - Filthy Frank exposed
2:36 onwards  Dayumn pink guy dropping some truth bombs
"This was to the folkes that be dead inside"
I feel personally adressed.
that music is awesome
I can  get this song on the Piratebay right?
This sounds like a Tyler the creator type beat it has style to it I like it you should do moreeee
"best tutorial ever, 20/10" - ign
I played this in a black neighborhood and got my ass kicked. did I crieing my fucking eyes out yes. did I look edgie while doing it strait off the kitchen counter. did it make my friend watching piss him self yes.
You should put this on Spotify
ey n1ce song b0ss
Where the fuck did my comment go? I had like 6000 likes and now it's just fucking gone.
pink guy 2.0
Bars .
Wait he smokes?!?!?!
he turned into his worse nightmare, a bad soundcloud rapper..
Does Frank smoke?
This made me really sad for some reason
Better than Die Antwoord. You should consider a music career and do proper videos.
Let's all go to the lobby...
that shit got some nice beat
Dude you crayziiiiiiiiii
I learned how to basically make rice balls while being entertained lol
hey, that's pretty good.
y'all talking about pink guy rapping skills/filthy frank but if you listen carefully, the lyrics are for all of his cancerous fanbase

the part "We Want real music"
"We want joji's musics" killed it
1375 are not ricenation
I s that his real voice btw?
doesnt he make like alot of money with youtube? I like that he still lives humble or at least it looks like it
pink guy got the moves
THAT LINE ABOUT JOJI'S "SERIOUS MUSIC" OOOOOHHHH SSHHHHIIIIITTTT SON
Looo lo-lob by by-by
Welcome to the rice fields!
i jack off to papu frank with my sister and i drink my own cum while watching 9/11 videos every night
Is this in 4k?!?!?!?
ay bruh check out my soundcloud
I love the taste of papa's balls in La morning
I always think of zoro whenever I hear onigiri
franku pink guy has no nipples
riceman is gonna claim this video cause it has rice
best song in a honsety
WWWWUUU THIS IS GUD
Is this on Spotify?
I love how Pink Guy can't talk but can rap
too bad people in Flint Michigan cant have rice balls since their water is trash
now i know how to make Rice balls thank you
my ears have been blessed
DJ Pinkie
Pink Nig
I love you
This is actually really good, just please clean your house it's making me OCD
Papa Franku gave me cancer, then he cured it.
i learned how to make rise balls thanks to diz vid
10/10 most sane channel ever.
fucked up on fireball..had to play it on repeat a few times. them bars...oh lawd them baaars.
Pink guy can't even read but he sings better than most people I know
Which is the original song?
I like how Franku makes no effort whatsoever to even clean the kitchen or put away dirty dishes. He simply gives zero fuck
I know this is just a joke but this Shit is way better than most "rappers" now.
He went tyler the creator with the pretty piano chords lmao
I love you
I NEVER RAISED MY KIDS AND I SPANKED A PIECE OF SHIT.
tight
#niceshirt
1:25 is that B.M.O. saying Finn?
Better than most today rappers ;-;
Devry Fucking university
True beauty.
Papa Franku is life if u have not seen this u have not experienced it scrubs!
dude you like Mr. Miyagi and I fucking love it
frank you gotta drop real music
Hiss
Frank should make a song with Tyler The Creator
Probably someone intentional, but it reminds me of Tyler the Creator/Odd Future. Could just be because it's absurdist like the rest of his Filthyness' stuff.
this beat fire
>Go fullscreen
>Type awesome
> RAINBOWS!!!
Noice
My in ears have so much bass
PLEASE LET MEW BE INSIDE OF YOU111111111!!!11111!!!!
damn frank is still so good at the sick flows
we need this on spotify
pink guy so hot
you are so fucking dope pink guy and the whole gang all of you keep this shit going please i got the album and everything and donated
asian Tyler the creator lool
This motherfucker don't even pay rent.
The CANCER is real!
Dude, he explained how he  doesn't want kids acting how he does and everything he does is for the entertainment of yourube :0
This guy looks like daredevil on crack with those glasses lmao.
Im only 8 and i with more people from my generation can appretiate this kinda music.
After listening to this song, I got off my ass and made myself some riceballs!
I don't know, but somehow this makes me turned up..
1:11 does this part remind anyone else of a transition that tyler the creator would make?
This is so fucking perfect, this is "real music" and the world needs more of it.
OH MY GOD
this reminded me of tyler the creator, so much, pink guy got talent
franku gots bars
shit is FIRE!!
he looks a little bit like kohh
this has happened
pink guy is fucking awesome
Dope!
Filthy Frank is the kind of guy you find in Dark Souls
he needs to do raps in the filthy frank voice
I threw up after watching this. 

In a good way.
wait? is that to rud
WE WANT JOJIVLOGS BEHHHKKKK
Youre the most savage japanese i have ever seen
CLEAN YOUR FUCKING BURNERS OH MY GOD YOU FITHY SON OF A FLACCID PENIS
1:24 that a lot of Stella
My aunt juda loves rice balls
Damn his stove is dirty
this song makes my butthole feel nice
Cooking rice balls with Papa Frank
what the actual fuck is this
I thought he was putting cat food in the rice balls😂😂😂😂
Nice shirt man. #NiceShirt
and then put my fingers in pusses like, oh! How did he film this whithout shitting his pants from all the laughter?
#niceshirt
0:52 I WANT IT AS A POSTER
Do you actually smoke or do you do it just for the videos?
It's like Tyler the creator
i pliz b0ss can i habe the bAlls Rice Plz
Within 100 years this will be art.
i would call you a slut but I'm pretty sure your still a virgin
I didn't know he MADE the beats. That just makes it 30 times as impressive. Respect. FF.
instrumentals?
thos is real music
this is where I see myself in 10 years
quem conseguir ler isso reponde com a palavra "bilada"
This reminded me of Flatbush / the early Odd Future stuff
Nice balls
This is fucking dope
Biggups homie
1:46-1: 52 died laughing😭
Lyrics? I need them for a paperwork.
I just need the beat g
Sounds like Tyler, a bit
This is the international 4chan anthem
Nice meme kids
1:15 is where the real shit starts
Replay, rice, repeat.
Hot as fire fam
BONER I SPOT IT
i want some more of this shit its real nice
Seriously it's funny how this shit is actually better than a lot of music out there now
call me an uncultured whore lacking taste in music but that's just what I think
Legit making some Rice Balls tonight ash and all.
I NEED LYRICS
filthy, make another album dude this shit is the best!
Can someone seriously pleasseeee give me the lyrics of this video ASAP!!!!!! 👉🏻👉🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Thanks for teaching me how to make rice balls Pink Guy! My family loved them! The cigarette ashes were a delicious addition.
ofwgkta sign him now cuz this is what it sounds like
1:13 sounds so much like the beginning of analog 2
I blew up the speakers in my car listening to this
pretty lit gr8 m8 I r8 8/8
still the best rap ive ever heard
I made General Tso's balls last night :^)
BALLZ!!
Does he seriously live there?
xD
This is some true hip-hop shit right here oh my, enimen tier character introspection... what an artist
reel moosac
p i n k. g u y.
I hope those were not menthols- mint rice just sounds wrong.
The beat sounds like the one from Tyler the creator-Jamba
█████████████▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀█████████████
████████▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀████████
██████▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████
█████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████        
████░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░████
████░░▄██████████░░░░░░██▀░░░▀██▄░░████
████░░███████████░░░░░░█▄░░▀░░▄██░░████
█████░░▀▀███████░░░██░░░██▄▄▄█▀▀░░█████             
██████░░░░░░▄▄▀░░░████░░░▀▄▄░░░░░██████
█████░░░░░█▄░░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░█▄░░░█████
█████░░░▀▀█░█▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀██▀▀░░█████
██████░░░░░▀█▄░░█░░█░░░█░░█▄▀░░░░██▀▀▀▀
▀░░░▀██▄░░░░░░▀▀█▄▄█▄▄▄█▄▀▀░░░░▄█▀░░░▄▄
▄▄▄░░░▀▀██▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄███░░░▄██▄
██████▄▄░░▀█████▀█████▀██████▀▀░░▄█████
██████████▄░░▀▀█▄░░░░░▄██▀▀▀░▄▄▄███▀▄██
███████████░██░▄██▄▄▄▄█▄░▄░████████░███    RANDOM UNDERTALE
Seriously doe this needs to be on pandora or some shit
Still watching ✌🏻️
HE SOUNDS LIKE THE RAPPER SAM LACHOW WHAT
all your beats are crazy, oh my.
Hey 2Pink! nice song ahah i know what music is. and this is both funny and decent!
where to download?
papa franku thinks hes really smart guys.
Is it just me or is part of this beat the sound of shooting an empty nerf gun?
💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
his voice is sex omg
Damn, this is really good, your style reminds me a bit of tyler the creator or is that just me
ty for this dark video now i want to kill myself even more cuz my life sucks Dino balls. can u maybe send pink guy to me so hé can kill me i mean im already dead inside i cant get satisfaction from anything anymore. not even hamburgers or Fries or dunno man Just kill me man make a wish come true
wow dude this fucking awsome,Frank the most savage nigga on the gram
Sick ass beat X_X
why not on spotify );
jjn
This goes pretty hard actually...
Fire
Better than musical.ly
WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHERFUCKERS
"i act retarded on stage and put my fingers in pusses"
Love the glasses
This beat is addictive
sexy...
One of the favorite song so far.
this was fucking dope!
Pink Guy goes Simpsonwave
But this is actually fire
Your actually ... hot
Beautiful XD
Let's all go to the lobby let's all go to the lobby
YOU SOOO FUCKING FILTHY LET ME SUCK ON YO TITTIES !!!!!!! FUCK THE GRAMMAR
clean ur house
I LOVE U FRANK
Best Video. A++ 100% 100%
what does filthy frank use to record
Reminds me a lot of Tyler the creator.
I would like to meet you irl, but you act like that "I HATE PEWDIEPIE" kid on crack and your house looks like shit
I usually forget that Frank's actually got some serious talent when it comes to music.
1'000 people don't know what a dope beat is.
Ya
straight outta the rice fields its my boy pink guy
Gangster..
OF Vibes
pink guy = pink rap god
Does any1 else find themselves beat boxing to the beat
Did anyone notice he used BMO's voice at 1:24-1:32
ALdrich Lillian aasshole
Fuck yeah Pinkguy!!!
made*
10 out of fucking 10 great song. literally like an actual artist  make this song
my car be blasting with this shit
This is to dank to hear for the poor
get inside me
I hope you get lung cancer
Frank clean your damn kitchen
Pink Guy got bars 4 days!
dislilkes are 1,337 Im fuckin done!
Totes my fave!
I really wish this song and the several others pink guy has made that are full songs would be available on bandcamp.
Karate chop my asshole with your rice balls
Please Frank make More Pink guy prank .... my people love it so much. hail pink guy
Pink guy raps are always awesome
Mmm so salty
Ask your grandparent how Hiroshima and Nagasaki were
he actually has such genuine music talent
love the sample at the beginning
Why is this so freaking dope
good rap except the video's r completely crazy  to do but it is just for laughs (thatsprettycool) i believe pink guy shouldcome to the usa
whats weird is that this actually thought me how to make riceballs... asian power rools
BRO ONIGIGIRI IS SO FUCKING GOOd
"I fuck around on camera like a cam whore so jerk it to my titties pop it off to some gay shit!" Best part fucking loved it!
"...Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses..."

Something Franku's haters and people who think he's gay didn't understand about the concept of this channel... he said everything.
1:11 best part.
instead of using a poe smoke a blunt nigga
This beat is fire scratch that napalm
The piano segment of the beat was badass
I need the lyrics man.
"Lets all go to the RICE FIELDS... Lets all go to the RICE FIELDS... let all go to the RICE FIEEEELDS, to get ourselves some rice balls!
Why can't I stop listening/watching this?
is that fukin bmo
This kinda sounds like a Tyler the creator song
Rice Balls? I think you mean "Jelly Filled Donuts" 

- Sincerely 4Kids Entertainment.
kys
fucking dank as fuck, never fails to disappoint
Man you're ruining your beautiful voice real voice with your frank voice
Best music video ever like I'm not even being sarcastic
Just realised its frank rapping with his real voice
why do people listen to justin bieber? THIS IS REAL MUSIC.
this is actually lit as fuck.
Who would've thought a white boy would bring hip hop back?
This is fire
You are my God <3
the illest
Anybody else think he sound like Tyler the Creator in terms of flow. Same offensive humour type lyrics as well. Wish they would do a collab
can we have the recipe dude! ?
Rice balls was my jam back in the day.
this beat is fucking filthy
Let's all go to the lobby.
This guy hits my soft and thoughtfull spot every fucking video, your a  god danm Genious !!
Those rice balls look pretty good tbh.
this is some really fucking good production.
Frank, dis shit is good.
chino
is he japanese
this is suprisingly good
Damn son.
I'm an OG.
Why does filthy frank live in an absolute shit hole
I love this ver much
Where is he living now a days?
+Luna you were playing this during your live stream then you changed it
I feel like he would be a really cool guy to meet.
This went hard tho 😂
1:11 to 1:35 kills me every time
I learned how to make rice balls from this video I swear
you are such a great person you fucktard
i mean you got a lot of money but you are not one of those famebitches that live in a vill or some bitchass stuff
fuck you 
with Love,
Eric
I love this shit
Cum2 London
who sings these? it cant be frank
Ok but where can I buy this song?
😮😮😮😮
Joji's fucking voice slays me 😫
sadly, this is were i learned to make rice balls..... good shit!
Reminds me of answer by Tyler the Creator well the beat does
he sounds like Sam lachow
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
Frank is hot.
Wut if pink guhey is actually.....FI....FIL....FILTHY BOB
I've never seen the guy on youtube before. This is my first video from this channel. What is this
I want to download this please make my dream a reality
Oh, this is about rice balls.
Lyrics pls
you dont got the voice but you got the flow
2:24 looks like a mafia b0sS
bruh pink guy got the mixtape epidemic but he got it good XD. keep it up, keep it filthy!
fuck, i love his beard
papa bless. papa bless. papa bless. papa bless. papa bless. papa bless.
Best song yet. By the way mister Cosby is coming for you.
👌🏼
I love you videos papa
im 10 and listenign to this. why cant my generation be lik dis
You spit good shit bro, keep it up.
Damn man the quality of this video still surprises me everytime I watch
I swear he always has fire beats for no reason
Wish this was on Spotify or smthn, would definitely download it
Instrumental plz
You make the smoothest rhymes I've ever heard. Love you, Joji. You keep doing you
Love, Vrtx.
I want those balls in my mouth
This song is so fucking bad without that fucking dope bass
smoking is not safe
YOu hear BMO saying Fin fin fin fin fin
lolllll
I wonder what software he uses for music making.
Pink Guy is a god. A rap god.
That shit is dope
I don't need a microwave 😄
Fuck me. I'd actually check out his Soundcloud.
first you do a face reveal and complain about how people dont appreciate you,then people start appreciating you and you say that you dont like them. Dude I think you're just taking a piss at this point.
This guy ashed the cigarette in his rice 




subbed
Not going to lie thats a sick beat
pink guy verses Dashie
I love the opening beat
"For he's a jolly good rookie"
Pink guy the guy to hang with Tyler the creator
Theme song to life
Beautiful man, delivery on point, flow on point, rhymes on point, beats sick, and it's even funny as a bonus.
Dope ass shit,  keep it up Pink guy.
the sample here is genious in my opinion
filthy Frank vs longneck rap battle, like the comment so papa Franku sees this comment and realises this beautiful dream
So good,, my fav song
Franku pliz no spanku
beautiful song..... (kill me pls)
hey faggot. this shit was dope.
that beat.. frank yr genius
Oooh, I sense a new album!
This is so dank (^_−)−☆
Hrm, I hope Frank doesn't smoke daily, I wanna see him be filthy not be infested by cancer.
This shit was hot like damn Pink Omega
he needs to signed to ODD Future
Playing Riceball while smoking ciggaretes
You've just outranked sanji's cooking level XD
Please make another pink guy album frank 🙏🏼
dat 60 fps
is he howtobasic
Thanks to this video I know how to make rice balls. Thanks Papa Frank!
Switch the name back to oniggeri
Holy shit pink guy, this is the shit! You have to make more!!
Damn this song makes me UGHHHH why are you so freaking cute
DAM NIGGA IT LOOKED LIKE A CRACK HOUSE IN THERE AND YOU LOOKED LIKE YOU WERE TRYING TO MAKE CRYSTAL METH
feels like tyler, the creator
I came
this is dope
I would like a lick of Pink guy's deliciously sticky balls.
why does all the food you cook look so good but so simple lol you should 1v1 jamie oliver whilst rapping
Is Francis of the filth pink guy in a pink body suit or not? I'm confused and I feel stupid for asking.
when Filthy Frank is a better cook than you...
I really do admire the fact that he lives in a less-then-average home and never complained about it once
anyone else think this sounds like a tyler the creator song?
Love papa franku's face at 1:46
This is actually fire
Bout to go try this out on my subs in my car to see if it truly hits as hard as it sounds
dis fat beat
LETS ALL GO TO THE LOBBY
LETS ALL GO TO THE LOBBY
LETS ALL GO TO THE LOBBY
AND GET OURSELVES SOME MEMES
Check out muh mixtape
damn his voice is so sexy.
baaws yow baaw can i have some powssy
gives me a tyler the creator vibe. Like the controversial raps style he does
stare at that chair at 1:30 tell me if you see what I saw
Genuine masterpiece
papa franku plz fuck me
what midi controller is that?
This song is the most retarded thing ever yet it's stupidly addictive haha.
Still better than any of ksi's raps
Damn this has some bass.
BAD INTERNET RAPPERS
yo this shiz is dank asf. i just legit put this so loud lmao
The Stephen Chow vibes man. They're massive!
yeh yeh I get it its all an act....or is it? LOL
This beat got some hella hash tag swag
This beat is so fucking disgusting, I LOVE IT!!!!  IM'A CALL YOU "PO" as in "Pink Omega" but also as a Kung Fu Panda pun, cuz like, rice balls lol cuz his goose dad ran a shop that made those.
incredible really helps my depression/autism
Fucboys treat my dick like a trampoline
Papa franku, will you watch some hardcore, tentacle hentai with my 300w waif with cum catcher and stabilizer for vaginal withdrawal?
Let's all go to the lobby.
can you make a playlist of ur songs, I actually really like them
F-franku you're my God
I fucking love Frank.
CAN I GET AN INSTRUMENTAL PLEASE
meme shirt
damn George you're actually a good at making beats and rhythms.
Is that his house????? Cause it looks like shit no offense
should do a happy birthday song, make it edgy or I'll be cutting myself with a dull razor
I like where this channel is going
so frank uses a different voice during the show and thats him singing. does that hurt your throat? obligatory "your throats hurting because of the dicks in it" joke
You know, i almost forgot to listen to this today :D
He makes these very funny ass raps and then his Joji music career is fuming chill. Multi talented. AND HE MAKES DANK SHIT.
this shit is fucking baller
You're a god! We should overthrow chin chin and Pink Guy should become our lord and savior
Your feet. They are black.
you are like a white tyler the creator.
I don't need a microwave!
Who else actually learned how to make onigiri from this video and made it after -_-
Omg
NOOOOOO THE CANCEROUS MIX TAPE HAS GOT PINK GUY TOO T^T
Still the Dankest shit out their 🔥🔥🔥
Lol pink guy can talk and SEEMS stupid but when he raps it's fully understandable and even smart. Amazing.
Pink guy is to cool
Papa Franku and Rice Gum collab?... No?... okay ;(
g8 m8 may i r8 8/8 jk lul u mad bro mktnxbi
I had to come listen to this after hearing that "Left swipe dat" cancer
This is actually really good
This beat is lowkey fire
lmao sounds like some odd future type shit
hilaious lyrics with a fucking AMAZING beat. wish all music was like this.
I'm actually craving those rice balls
Came here from Dillon The Hacker. :D
UATA
wait... frank is asian? dafuq
fu cking DOPE
Pink Guy: 1
Eminem: 0
Okay...what the fuck is hanging from the ceiling at 19 seconds?
Really hope Frank uploads a dope video like this next monday, april 4th. that'd be dope af, cuz I'd be happy af. 😂
This is honestly fire.
2:35 - 2:36 = maadd hott
He is actually quite a good rapper 😂
Hey franku, do u think u could do a vid abt furries? i want to kno ur opinions
thank,
            - a franku fagot
──────────▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄──────────
─────▄▄▀▀▀▀──────────▀▀▄▄──────
───▄▀───────────────────▀▀▄────
──█────────────────────────█───
─█─────────────────────▄▀▀▀▀▀█▄
█▀────────────────────█────▄███
█─────────────────────█────▀███
█─────▄▀▀██▀▄─────────█───────█
█────█──████─█─────────▀▄▄▄▄▄█─
█────█──▀██▀─█───────────────█─
█────█───────█──────────────▄▀─
█────▀▄─────▄▀──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄───█──
█──────▀▀▀▀▀────█─█─█─█─█──▄▀──
─█──────────────▀▄█▄█▄█▀──▄▀───
──█──────────────────────▄▀────
───▀▀▀▄──────────▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀──────
────▄▀─────────▀▀──▄▀──────────
──▄▀───────────────█───────────
─▄▀────────────────█──▄▀▀▀█▀▀▄─
─█────█──█▀▀▀▄─────█▀▀────█──█─
▄█────▀▀▀────█─────█────▀▀───█─
█▀▄──────────█─────█▄────────█─
█──▀▀▀▀▀█▄▄▄▄▀─────▀█▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▀──
I hate that I love this
u
this is now my ringtone
Mmm
Lobby lobby lobb bby bby
Papa Franku this is a very good video
yee
filthy frank got a good rap voice for real
this song is amazing
tfw this song is actually fire
Fukin lit
Heyyyyy that's pretty guud.
Great video
how come the title went from onigiri to rice balls? copyright?
How do you make rice
Sick.
I don't know why, but I am extremely upset that he dumped his cigarette ashes in all that perfectly good rice :c
Best song by Pink Guy (AKA Francis of the Filth). GG
I bet Joji swims in an ocean of pussy
i honestly love this song.
1:33 why is there half a chair
OMG THE 808s !
Pink guy in glorious 60 fps
them piano chords at 1:12 though
What kind of vsts do you use m80
stella artois is disgusting
easily my favortie Pink Guy tune
Next proleter
Filthy frank...more like filthy dANk
This is the boss side of Pink Guy
l-l-lobby
he worded "ooo" instead of "oh" 
love u pink guy
you've gotten way better since your first raps.  
Dank ass shit.
proleteR reference?
OK guys me and my friend Jon are actually like legit for real 12 and we actually started acting like Filthy Frank and WE HAVE ALL OF HIS VOICES AND CHARACTERS DOWN PACK and Jon is Asian and half American while Frank is Japanese and Australian and also Jon looks like Frank so me and him are like Frank and Pink Guy
someone mash this with miracle gro by the buttress
Diary of a wimpy kid brought me here. Anyone else?
Am i the only one think this should be in a album
the bars!!!!
man.. this is like HowToBasic all over again
The dislikes were the parents that never spanked their kids and raised a piece of shit.
Wh
This vid was released on my b-day
Papa Franku
Is this my present
Anyone know where to get those glasses? Shit's lit fam
This has a Tyler the creator feel to it
My house burned down because of this
And Kanye thinks he can be the president
Did he say at 0:56 that he has schizophrenia?
japanese kendrick lamar
Collab with Rich Chigga maybe?
ffffiiirrrre and funny
)
Dope...
1:12 was fucking awesome sounds like a Tyler the creators music
shit that hook at 1:25 is fucking beautiful
Oh god.. if Frank had kids...
what is the instrument that joined in at 0:24?
Add a public comment...
pink guy makes smoking look realy cool, no joke
The soles of your body suit are fucking black.
Bro, cigarettes are a shitty high.
I call u senpie
I wish pink guy would make me dinner
How come the beat actually has a bit of slaps
Mc frank sweatshirt
Who else hears "raw beef" at 0:12
Damn this beat is fucking catchy great work
He has a TylerTheCreator flow
this is so fucking awesome
thanks man now house is on fire
stop smoking you fucking nigger
this beat smacks
i'll fuck you with a radiator pipe ;)
RiceGum.
RiceBootyhole.
RiceBalls.
This bass though🔥
the bass to this song is...just...mmmmm
is there anything wrong with liking joji's music and not filthy frank?
Man, that's a BEAUTIFUL rice ball--  a nice set of hairy, balls making hot loads of HIV semen! I'd love to have you impregnate a some of my CD4 cells. Then I'd have a strain of your descendants living in me always. Very Hot! Happy Fucking, Brother!
VVVV          VVVV     NNN               NNNN
 VVVV        VVVV      NNNN            NNNN
  VVVV     VVVV        NNNNNN      NNNN
   VVVV   VVVV         NNNNNNNNNNNN
    VVVVVVVV           NNNN      NNNNNN
      VVVVVV              NNNN            NNNN
       VVVVV               NNNN               NNN
LYRCS PLEZ
boss, can i habe ze vrice, plez?
love the beat and the song, the piano part is my favorite
1:50 that shit makes me laugh every damn time hahaha
I liked it :D
Tell me why this shit go hard asf
LO-LOLO-BY
It'd been funny if the rice shattered the window.
ra ra ra mi mi ra ra ra ra mi mi ra
fire
That base doe
Finally 2 mil bro
You seem like one chill mother fucker. I'd want to hang out with you one day (even though that would never happen).
Thanks for the rice balls tutorial.
Not gonna lie. Rice balls are the easiest and quickest things to make and they're tasty as fuck
Other than dabbing the cigarette ashes in the rice, that looks pretty good.

Can someone please direct me to the nearest recipe page for these large balls...

XD
(but really, those rice balls look good)
I kind of want this displayed in the MOMA 24/7. But, honestly, it's too good for it.
Papa Franku's rapper voice is the hottest thing I've ever heard.
The beat is weally good
Does Joji actually smoke?
edgy.
[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time

LISTEN TO RICE BALLS/ONIGIRI

￼
He's like a talented version of tyler the creator.
Mini golf champion you got no drive.. OHHH SHITT
i act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pussies ohhh
;)
When are we going to get a PapaFranku x Tyler the creator song
Welcome to the tether dome
the upper achelone investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese  
Killer whales hump backs and these narwals
Im just tryna strangle these fuckers
Im just tryna strangle these fuckers
Im just tryina strangle these 
Its the beat blop
you make the beat flop
breathing more kush in than the C-got
So we got the beat drop
and harder than your son’s balls at twelve knots
and mention that we harder than viagra with the big cock
I’ll fuck you in the mouth again,
I’ll let you know that I’m a skizo i be hearin shit
so don’t be fuckin me cause bet your ass Im giving it
when I get done with you I make sure that your sell of it
fuck your dog 
I can smack out your teeth
And then I’ll fuck you with a radiator pipe

Im a fucking nucence with different kinds of abuses
Im rounding up in the premises helping you tie your nooses
cause all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses like, ohh
like ohh,
ohh, 
ohh,
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
jerking to my titties pop it off on some GAY SHIT
I fight your dad in the parking lots and or 
beat their fucking teeth in cause they RAISE SHIT
you sound like
“I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday."
This ones for the folks who be dead inside
mini golf champion you got no drive, player
fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
Im on the car’s hood screaming like a mammal
Rippin through the flannel 
burn on thats on my chest with the camels
Im here to be an ach, not a role model
don’t be fuckin crying when i’m smashing you kid with a bottle

Im just chillin, makin rice ball every day,
im a simple man, I don’t need a microwave
I don’t need a microwave
I don’t need a microwave
I don’t need a microwave
I don’t need a microwave
cause Im already heated

I obviously did not get everything, help
sounds like tyler the creator vibes
best track ive ever heard. i sound like a jive boy. i dont need a microwave.
1:12 When Franku goes legit
Any rap by pink guy is better than any rap by any mainstream rapper. But hey, that's just my opinion...
honesly, frank is really talented like wtf
I love you George💖 you're the best. Your characters are pure genius
The description.... Did he half predict that cancerous damn Daniel meme?
Only frank could make making rice balls look cool in a pink morph suit
he cant even afford a lighter
This is some surprisingly good shit...
The white Tyler
I would date him
DUDE UR VOICE IS AWESOME !!!
I would rather listen to Papa Franku's dank shit than the crap that gets pumped into the radio today.
Ladies and gentleman,we got a new Action Bronson up in this bitch
why does he have alot of subs and money but has a shit room
0:17 it sounds like 'raw beef' instead of 'lobby'
Reminds me of (The Professional )
this shit is #fireemoji
why does this sound like something tyler the creator would release
I Love this 😂
Every time i make ramen I start singing this without realizing....SO WIERD
love this beat
I don't need a microwave
10/10 ign will use for call of duty rice balls online black warfare 69
Someone give me the lyrics please
" 'muhh we want real music we want joji music' -Bruh i didn't even know fake music existed. I mean it's your fault for putting that shit into categories. If you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem. Like, who says i can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video you know. Whaddup man, it's yo boy pink guy PinkOmega, whatever the fuck you wanna call me idgaf. Still doing that wacky ass shit bro ain't nothing changed so see you next time."
*And that is why i love this guy*
2M
This is the fucking reason I like Joji. Hes Japanese. He eats the good shit, and everybody is like ewww, fuck them cunts.
Anyone else think frank could make it as a rapper? He ain't bad at all and I hate rap.
This actually makes me want to cook some tuna-stuffed rice balls
EVERYTHING SONG FRANKU MAKE IS LIKE ZE LULLABY!!!
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeah!
Can we please have the full beat version?
i actually learned how to cook onigiri so thanks bro
Damn your kitchen is a fucking mess
I don't like rap......... But this shit is amazing.
He is here to be an act not a role model, you hear that 14 year old fucking cancer kids?
I'm scared
George , just do whatever and be whoever and whatever you want. Don't let fucking people choose for you, don't let people say you HAVE to be either "Filthy Frank" or "Joji". At first I thought you were depressed becasue you always wanted to be joji, but I realised that you are an entertainer and you like doing this, and I think letting people tell you that you should be this and do this and that is stupid. Just do whatever you want man, ignore the people that try to choose for you.
I'm a spirit lyrical miracle individual
I listen to this unironically.
foot jobs got me here hbu ?
i fucking love you so much papa
Indeed. Let us all go to the lobby.
I'm a spiritual lyrical individual spiritual miracle lyrical individual spiritual miracle individual
Skippin' and flippin' and dippin' and skippin' and flippin' and dippin' and illest to killest the skill is the realest
I'm the realest of the realest
I'm bringin' real hip hop back don't you ever forget it
Fuck Lil Wayne and the government's corrupt
Fuck the government cause I don't give a fuck
I'm the realest in the game cause I'm underground
Fuck that mainstream shit cause I don't give a fuck
I'm a spiritual lyrical miracle lyrical spiritual illest of miracle lyricals flippin' and dippin' Real hip hop, don't you ever forget it
It's that underground shit, it's the white boy that said it
Real hip hop, don't you ever forget it
It's that underground shit, it's the white boy that said it.
THE POPCORN CAN'T BE BEAT
Papa Franku in 60fps 1080p. What a time to be alive.
I want Frank to fuck me with his voice.
is filthy Frank a wigger?
Playing dota and listening to this song  that is 3:22 minutes long ,ez throw bois.
frank should really get into music more
Best shit I have ever listened too
"I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses", summary of youtube
Does anyone know how he made the beat?
wow
Im a simple man I dont need a microwave. I dont need a microwave. I dont need a microwave. Cuz Im already heeted
NOT TO MENTION THAT WE HARDER THAN VIAGRA WITH THE BIG COCK
holy shit. Some of the lyrics apply to Joji and FF fans. kinda crazy once it hits you.
j chillin makin rice balls
Your talented
Oppai > Onigiri
I watch this literally every day before school to get my "fuck you" mindset warmed up.
This song is the equivalent of Rick's "Let me out".

Frank, you should really just give less fucks about what the cancerous, immature part of your fandom says/thinks.

And think more about us, the better part of your fandom. We want your love, great hip-hop music and cancer.
Can I habe qualitee plz?
im new here...
This isnt dat bad...... I maybe have a problem 😐😐
Amazing.
Better than everything on the radio
You're one talented mother fucker.
fuck im wet af now that im watching it again
this video is streight up fire bro
Niggers
papafranku in 60 fps. umg
Earl Pinksuit
Let's all go to the lobby!!!
we... should actually all call him now... "Pink Omega" sound way more... awesome.
Its really ironic how most of filthyfranks are weeaboos
Does he really smoke
The Rice balls actually looked good
THIS ONES FOR THE FOLKS WHO BE DEAD INSIDE
i want an instrumental now.
This is better than any rap artist ever
does anyone else think that he's like.. really hot?
I always dwell in the dark side of YouTube
pink guy is a better cook than me
ermagered flty franc haytes hiz knew liyfe!!1 u awtistic keds mak hyme dpressd! we wan joege vloygz bake! mayke reel muwsic! he clery dosn liek hiz knew jawb!
Word.
wait so is frank rapping or... is it one of his friends?
this is straight fire
killed that shit
BRO MY EARS DON'T WORK ANY MORE!!! TOO MUCH BASS I HAD MY BEATS ON FULL VOLUME! BOOOOOM--- then silence. good. now I can't here my mom bitch at me anymore.
the funny thing is, i put this on loop and listen to it in class everyday,
😊🍑
I honestly wish he made serious music... He's honestly pretty good at writing despite this being a joke
Am I the only one that downloaded this?
am I the only one who listens this when I get a headache
I can smack ET
I CANT BUY IT!! WHERE CAN I BUY THIS!!
no running in my lobby
never fapped so hard in my life
It was my boyfriend his birthday but his bday present didn't arrive yet.
He started guessing what it was and he asked can i wear it?
I said Yes!!! he said so it's clothes? i said no... Then he asked "u didn't buy me that pinksuit right?" -.-
Cuz he knows i ♥ FilthyFrank lol.
FILTHY FRANK DRILL RAPPER 2016 DANKEST GANGSTER SHIT EVER
does glasses though I want to try them
do u have a girlfriend? :v
It makes me love Japan
What type of genre of music is that?
Excuse me while I go bleach my eyes and scoop them out with a spork.
Jam.
1:11 1:33 my favorite part <3
i seriously used this as a riceball tutorial, but then again I'm pretty stupid to need a tutorial for making something as simple as riceballs
I CANNOT UNDERSTAMD HOW SOME PEOPLE CAN HATE YOU  AND WHY YOU ARE NOT AS POPULAR AS YOU DESERVE BECAUSE YOU ARE ACTUALY MAKING A  NEW WAY OF ART THAT FREAKS ME OUT DUDE!
YOU CAN FEEL PROUD OF YOUR WORK DUDE, I KNOW THERE IS A HUGE EFFORT BEHIND THIS.
I AM FROM SPAIN AND I CANT UNDERSTAMD AT ALL WHAT ARE YOU SAYING BUT DUDE, YOUR SHIT MADE MY LIFE! YOU REMIND ME TO REALLY LAUGH AGAIN
cool, if only rap was a real style of music
This vid delivers in so many ways it's more meta than the Internet.
Wow that suit's feet are dirty.
Actually has bars
This is why i get up in the morning
What country does frank live in, Australia?
his production is pretty good!
I need this song
Get into the rap game
0:20 - 0:22 my favorite part 11/10 would bang
0:20 - 0:22 my favorite part 11/10 would bang
I need this song in my life
This shit is realer than any rap song in the past 5 years.
this is the best trap music pink guy has ever had:)
actually enjoyed that, congrats dickhead
that buldge tho XD DAYUM
looking at his apartment I realize how poor he must be.
Is there somewhere I can get this? I don't think this is on the album with the download
joji vlogs
Someone needs to make a gif from 2:24  - 2:26
I'm an Nuisance with different types of abuses.
PENOR SEXYPHONE
Please put your stuff on spotify!
So the anime MMORPG that has kawaii characters is a riceball?
im a fuckin nussence with different types of abuses runnin up the premis helpin you tie your nooses cuz all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this i act retarded on stage and then put my finger in pusses
this is actualy pretty dope like always bro
What genre?
put your shit on spotify
Gotta love that crisp voice though
Much filth
plz no smoke franki
This sounds pretty fucking cool if you set the speed x 2 
I only turned it up cos I was trying to cycle through videos, but I forgot it was on 
Good thing I left it, I almost listened to his whole album 2 times faster lmao
This is amazing
Like WTF?!
reminds me of tyler the creator for some reason
Why are all of his songs really good
i bought one of the skin tight suits but i dont use it because you can see my dick's outline
stripper
I wonder how close was Frank to be a male stipper
I twerk to this
what does he use to make his beat
whens the next album coming out?
RAW RAW RAW BEATS
What the fuck is this? Is he autistic or does he just have no life?!
what
Is it bad that I learnt how to make rice balls off this?
i didnt know pink was such a bada$$
papa make more songs these are awesome
I imagine this the intro to a Filthy Frank movie
atleast he knows how to cook rise :<
put all your music on spotify pls. love u long time
800 views until 3 mil.
I'M ETHAN BRADBERRY!
I'm just an idiotic illuminatic symbolic product that's gonna be killed if I talk about it (what song is that from
Watched this to learn how to make rice balls. Did not disappoint.
This is legit fire
Actualy a really good rapper
Hey filthy frank
damn i gotta say, you dropping hot af songs
This video prompted me to make some riceballs. 

Damn man that stuff tastes good, I made them with salmon.

Thnx Pink Guy!
I seriously watch this ERRRR GOD DAYUM DAYYY. Papa Franku you make me so HORRRNYYY MY UNDERS ARE SOAKED JUST SOPPING I COULD FILL A BATHTUB THEN BATHE IN IT AND RUB MY TITS ALL OVER THE MIRROR THEN FUCK MYSELF. Sorry I invested in toooo much marijuannnaaaaass
10 out of 10 some quality shit here man XD
pink guy has huge dingus and very clean anoos hit him up ratchets  flaka flaka nigga
this is fucking art
yeah budy i will be your gay boyfriend frank come with me and we will fly.
Almost 2 Million subs you sick bitch 😛❤️
This bass goes hard as fuck. Papa Franku with those mad producing skills.
I've never had them, but I actually want some rice balls.
This is my favorite rap from him 😂
It's gonna stay cold in here until you drop your mixtape.
anybody know what gear hes using?
hey guys im new here i wanted to ask if the guys whos singin is frank?? this is dumb. i think he is but im not sure
You've got to say that this beat is awesome Joji makes really good beats.
I really want the beat. Papa Franku plz
much respect for this dude
Papa Frank I would fuck him he's pretty hot
ONIGIRI ONIGIRI, GIVE ME THE FORMU-ORI
This is fucking lit XDD
have you ever got a boner in the pink suit? if so I want to see
I ACT RETARDED ON STAGE AND THEN PUT MY FINGERS IN PUSSES
3:18 Shit, never realised pink guy lives in a fucking medieval village
best retarded rapper ever
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
           Who's      watching   This  on the moon?  
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Really liking this song.
Gimme dahhhh pusseyyyyyy
Fuck it right in the pussy
What a classic.
Someone make a clean version? LOL like actually
I love a man who can cook....
he goes hard
Damn, those rice balls look nice, I'd buy em
this is sum dank ass kush mang pls b0ss more rappspspspspspspsp plss b0ss mang
Noodle balls pls
Joji actually is talented asf
Do I smell a Grammy contender?
fff
Did he use BMO's "Finn" voice for the 1:20-1:27 segment?
Frank do you listen to Tyler the creator, because your music is very similar to his.
You are god.
I actually like the musik you made. Great moves, keep it up Ethan proud of you ;)
Franku, you shouldn't smoke, you could get cancer.
Oh, wait...
Cool song
Please do more of the dank rap bars
OMG Looking out your window, I know what part of Queens you're in. My sister's apartment was in that area!
that mixtape is hot as fuck nygga
I actually really enjoy the beat lel
This deserves way more views!
"WE WANT REAL MUSIC. WE WANT JOJI MUSIC."
Do a video on how to get over your ex that would be jokes af
Help me tie my noose :(
this fanbase is really cringe
"I only listen to real music"
pink guy makin sure I don't starve over here
pinkeye fuckin those beats up
why can't I stop watching this
1:46-1:52 I don't know why but I laugh really hard at this part every time I hear it
Franku is looking extra Asian in this video.
fuck you filthy frank. you should go nose fucking with sofloantonio you both jewish degenerates
sounds like something that tyler the creator would make
Hmmm 1.25 speed still sounds fucking EPIC
man ur filthy
best house ever. you have a bed in the toilet, and in the bath you have a music remjxer player. and you have sound emitters in the whole house
1k people got fucked by radiator pipes
ughhh ................. I swear I got a cold from first time watching your videos 2 days ago
omg put the madafakin lyrics in the description
Im afraid to open a bag rice now
Funny thing is, now I actually know how to make Rice balls from watching this xD
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers 2x
I'm just trying to strangle these

This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave 4x

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
can I have a DL link or somewhere I can buy this pls
Connor lost and I came home listening to this.
Goodshit
All hail Pink Guy

ALL HAIL PINK GUY
The bass is sick
art
i'm just chillin'; makin' rice balls erryday
wouldn't be surprised if some rapper bought your songs papa frank honestly it sounds almost the same as rap songs today not that I like rap I think it's horrible...
amazing song!
Finally a normal music video ...
I WAN DUH REAL MOOSIK I WAN DUH JOJI MOOSIK
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
Bring back JojiVlogs god damn it
loo- loo- loo by-by- by- loo
I can't get enough of filthy frank! Fuck me man! No. Seriously. Like I need filthy Frank's D. 😉🍆🍌💦
This is lit
I came home late to find my older brother and his friends drinking, smoking and dancing with this in the background on a speaker
ALMOST AT 2 MIL
is this how pink guy sees the world
this is so beautiful
I WON'T LIE, THIS IS DEFINITELY ME WHEN I'M COOKING 👌😂😂
Frank, when are these appearing on iTunes?
waiting for the day soflo steals franku video
This shit was hot!! He's really fucking good, but my god I wanted to clean his house especially the cooker. Hory fuck let me clean your house!!
gg. everyones name here is shorter than mine.
i wanna sing this for the talent show xD.
NYYYEEESSS
this is fucking fire
Ummmmmmm Tyler, the Creator much? The beat, the flow, and the lyrics sounds exactly like him
This is my favorite song
I listen to this at least 15 times a day.
Filthy Frank, you are my fucking hero. You crack me the fuck up.
Where can I download this filthyness
this, this is my shit
You make me want to eat ass
go harder than kanyes dick when he sees himself in the mirror
I'm beginning to animorph.
What kind of software does this man use
Please Jesus
This is cancer, like if you agree.
my favorite pink guy song
How do you freestyle? I mean like, srsly.
Pink Guy should be an honorary member of OF.
WHAT THE HELL ??!?!?!?? pink guy can't cook
please make more retardet videos i love them
You should know that your existence is a part of my essay. thanku b0ss
gh
you gonna get roaches
this song really gives out those positive vibes
This bass line tickles my ear holes so good.
tfw frank > eminem
Showed this to my nephew. His first reaction was "He doesn't have a woman." I aksed him why and his answer was: "She went to heaven." JOJI KILLED HIS WIFE! CONFIRMED!
TAKE ADDERALL AND THEN VIEW AT 1.25 SPEED .......
pop it off on some GAY SHIT!
w8 how old are you ???
Its weird, i love the song at 1.25 speed.
George Miller sounds like Bob from Bob's burger
would bang
tate
obicham te
i love you
...this video really made me want a smoke.
Occasionally a man will peek behind the the curtain and address the crowd amassing at his appearance, breaking the fourth wall so to speak. Sometimes the masses will get a glimpse into the life of the idealized or the idolized. I have to admit, the average fan of this channel has no idea of what I'm talking about. Maybe it's for the best. Keep doing what you do Frank, even if it's ironically.
I would pay for this song. Please get this on iTunes papa Franku!
franku has reached stage 5. promoting his own mixtapes. he needs to be put down •^• jk xD love you papa franku
What equipment is he using?
"I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe"

I died and went to the spiritual lyrical miracle individual heaven in the sky
Lyrical, miracle, spiritual individual 
papa franku taking it to tha h00dz
Put this on bandcamp
LOB LOB LOB LOBBY
instrumentals?
Rice balls very good b0ss
Lowkey lit
I Fucking hate people, so i just watch this to get away from their noise. #FuckPeople
What's funny to me is that there's real talent here.
Music and cinematography.
But it's never gonna get noticed because Papa Franku is a big no no for any respectable individuals out in the real world.

Ever see How to basics and FIlthy Frank on Youtube rewind? Nope. Yet they have some of the most popular channels.
This song was played at my prom
this is actually good, I'm scared
weaboo
watched this in home ed
Tbh frank has good rap voice
+rock rusher funny song
Holy shit 💯🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻💯💯💯💯💯
Pink Guy fucks you in the ass with a radiator pipe prank (GONE WRONG)
I liked the beat change at 1:12, pretty dope.
best pink guy rap
At 2:33, was I the only one that thought he was going to eat it?
I'm new here. What the fuck is going on?
This some shit Tyler the creator would be proud of much love frank. <3
Dude I wanna make a movie with Franku chan, Ethan, and jontron.... I just jizzed alil
Please make a second album called salamander man or papa franku or somehing like thay- pls put "Real Hip Hop" on your next album too.
Why are there so many faggots with anime pictures
Yo, this shit is hard af
I got hara kiri and onigiri mixed up
After watching this I think they're actually the same.
"I act retarded on stage but I put my fingers in pussies off stage"
damn
Now "Reactonists" are reacting to filthyfrank videos, what do you think about that papa franku?
Had this song on normal volume with my sub near me, and after ten seconds my penis is already flying towards my stomach
dope as fuck
we want real music
niggers
Lyrics?
wooooooooooooow
Who is Kendrick Lamar and Drake Lamar near of the fucking FilthyFrank
in a perfect world, this would be viral and praised as a masterpiece
My base went crazy when the song started
I will go to his funeral being sad if he ever dies.
Where is new salamander album?
not even sorry i watched this like 15 times today
where yo rice cooker at? XD
Lip-sync is atrocious.
What ze fuck did you just fucking say about me, you verdammter Jude? I'll have you know I graduated top of mein class in ze Hitlerjugend, and I've been involved in numerous secret Gestapo raids in Berlin, and I have over 300 confirmed executions. I am trained in gorilla gassing and I am ze top sniper in ze entire Wehrmacht. You are nothing to me but just another one race traitor. I will wipe you ze fuck out with precision ze likes of which has never been seen before on this Reich, mark mein fucking words. You think you can get away with saying zat scheiße to me over ze Internet? Think again, arschloch. As vee speak I am contacting mein secret network of spies across Deutschland and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for ze storm, blödel. Ze storm zat wipes out ze pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and zat's just with mein machinenpistole. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed kampf, but I have access to ze entire arsenal of ze Wehrmacht forces and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable arsch off ze face of ze Reich, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy blitzkrieg your little "clever" kommentar was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying ze price, you verdammter dummkopf. I will shit Zyklon B all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
well, at least hes not a bad internet rapper
really nice beat papa franku dropped this time
I'm a fan of George, no matter what persona. He's just a fucking awesome and chill guy, and I honestly feel kind of bad for him, for obvious reasons. But it's all good, he's above it. And he's doing what he loves, and not to mention, getting paid for it. Respect where respect is due.
dirty ass feet
why did they ask joji (frank) to make real music? i thought pink guy was the one who made the music O_o
Please become a famous rapper
When making rice balls am I required to put the end of a cigarette in the rice?
this song is even better sped up
Now I know how to make rice balls
WTF HE GOT BONER :D
Honestly i must say the beat & producing skills of this song and of Erectile Dysfunction are my favorites they're awesome lol
Like how he roasts the viewers in some parts of this video. Or am I the only one thinking that ?
Masterpiece))0)
Did frank actually rap this?
I bet if he wasn't half insane he would be famous for rapping
este weon es un genio
damn Frank's kitchen is a shit Stine
This reminds me of a music cover with a kid and a mixer in a tub
nice song for a work out
Asian Tyler The Creator
Make more rap that's not two weird
that beat thou I actually like this
So pink guy is gay ?
I've listen to this song 5000 times and now I have a 22 inch dick
Once again, a song gives me an ear orgasm.
I just cranked this shit, my neighbors was like what the fuck this shit is. I was like niggas learning how to cook rice balls bitch.
you should do a collab with Tyler the creator or childish gambino
хоспаде, бог абстракции
this reminds me of Tyler the Creator
More shit like this please
is this how he sounded before cancer? no offensive insult just a actual question.
It's like Tyler the creator but way better
raw beat, raw meat
nice d1ck b0$$
2:25 is the now the wallpaper for my phone
time to clean
Cookin with gas. <3
holy shit. Ypo fuck
The "I'm a simple man, i don't need a microwave x5 because I'm already heated" is amazing
1:26 Owwwwwww so good sound
This shit is real music, fucking incredible
Idk why but my graphics have never been this good on YouTube before... Tf
hay frank do you have fb bro if you do you should add me Peter Punch
Childish Gambino VS. Pink Guy
2:23 is honestly a good fucking shot
My boi pink guy with the bars
i have never felt so uncomfortable
Ciggs can't give you cancer when you are cancer. :)
i love u papa franku!!!!!
Sick beat
Does frank actually smoke?
ive realized now that your music is actually getting amazing and your literally like the dirty asian version of devvo
hes so talented
this was the first video i saw from frank and still i feel like he has been my hero since i was born.
damn pink guy back At it again for the OG's.
Amazing beat... Amazing song
Y U N G  J O J I
What is that end part? What are you, fuckin' gay?
Fucking real as shit.
RAW MEA-MEAT! RAW RA-RAW MEAT! MEAT!
PAPA FRANKU I WANT THIS BEAT
I just want to know what drugs he's on because I want them
Clean your house, Frank.
Just as good if not better than no burnham
Make moreeeeee
PUT THIS ON ITunes
This actually goes hard as a cock
"music is music" couldn't have said it better man hahaha
Dropping bars
What's with the fucking glasses? Who are you, fucking John Lennon? Kill yourself faggot.
While watching this I was forced to reflect on my time at sea... On a side note if you follow a pod of dolphins for long enough you'll discover  that the single most important aspect of dolphin society is the very same thing that prevents them from getting lung cancer... And what do we really mean by the term " Sex tourist "?
Welcome to the terradome, the upper echelon, investin' on these large balls, I
got these pussy bitches walin' like the Japanese, killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals,
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers,
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers,
I'm just tryna strangle these,
this the beat flop, you make the beat flop,
breathin' more kushin than the seed got, so we got,
the beat droppin' harder than your son's balls at 12,
not to mention that we harder than Viagara, the big cock,
I'll fuck you in the mouth again, I'll let you know that I'm a
Schizo, I be hearin' shit, so don't be fuckin' me, 'cause bet your ass
I'm givin' it, when I get done with you, I'll make sure that you sell of it,
fuck your dog, I can smack at your teeth, and I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe, hah,
what is that too rude? 
I'm a fuckin' nuisance with different types of abuses, I'm runnin' up in the premises,
helpin' you tie your nooses, 'cause all of you fucks are clueless, and do not know how to do this,
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses like, oh. Like oh... oh... oh.
I fuck around for money like a cam-whore, jerkin' to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit,
I fight your Dad in the parking lot and or, beat their fuckin' teeth in 'cause they raised shit,
you sound like, "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit, and I drop my kids off at soccer practice
every Tuesday," oh, this one's for the folks that be dead inside, mini golf champion, you got no drive playa,
fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline, I only work with paper like a fax machine, uh, I'm on the car's
hood screamin' like a mammal, rippin' through the flannel, burn an ass on my chest with the camels,
I'm here to be an act, not a role model, don't be fuckin' cryin' when I'm smashin' your kid with a bottle.
I'm just chillin' makin' rice balls errday,
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave,
I don't need a microwave. 'Cause I'm already heated, (That's not funny!).
"UH! WE WANT REAL MUSIC, WE WANT REAL MUSIC, WE WANT JOJI MUSIC, UH HUH HUH HUH!"
Bruh, I didn't even know real or fake music existed, I mean, I think it's like, your fault for putting that
shit into categories. Like, music is music, if you don't think this is real music that's your fuckin' problem.
Like, who says I can't drop shit while... Makin' a culinary... Funny video at the same time? You know?
Whatever man...
It's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega, whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck.
Comin' at you again, still doin' that wacky, crazy shit bro, a-a-ain't nothin' changed. So, seeya next time!
Frank makes it rain rice
Fire!!!
Y'all know shit's fucked when Filthy Frank is spittin more fire than the entire mainstream music industry
lets all go to the lobby!
its like the asian version of eminem l0l
OGs*
Could you cook for me pls b0ss
what kind of music is this?, sounds a little bit like samurai shamploo.
This one's for the folks that be dead inside...
UUUUUH WE WANT REAL MUSIC WE WANT JOJI MUSIC
Is it just me who feel satisfy when seeing the Pink guy enjoying his rice ball?
just luvin that motion track at the start XP
THIS IS HOW GOOD QUALITY IS !!!!!!!1
1080P
60FPS
PINK GUY 2 album when?
This is straight 




🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥       🔥             🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 🔥                🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥                      🔥               🔥 
🔥                                🔥             🔥             🔥 🔥                  🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥       🔥             🔥       🔥                              🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥            🔥  🔥                  🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥                       🔥              🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥                          🔥           🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥                            🔥         🔥
🔥                                🔥             🔥                               🔥      🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
f
NOTICE MEEEE PAPA FRUNKIE I LUVVV UU YEHAHAHAH
I followed Franku's recipe and made sum god stuf
I've watched this about 100+ times
I didn't know my balls got so much attention
BURNT RICE BALLS when?
best m8 ye
This gave me cancer
i want attention
WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS MOTHER FUCKER
i jam to dis day and night
Ngl they look good AF minus the cig ash
Gimme PUSSI b0$$
YEAH THIS IS MY SHIT
the beat to this song is so sick
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
2.666.157
WHERE THE FUCK IS HIS GRAMMY?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
"ill let you know that i'm a schizo i'll be hearing shit"
hahahhahahhahahhahhahaa
I actually downloaded this and listen to this
coppyin tyler the creators style
that's mah jam
Yo this shit actually goes hard.
Sic beat and "hook".....    MAD PROPS
Sounds like a beat that Tyler The Creator would make
i wanna know the opening song
This is actually lit asf💯
2:35 gets me every fucking time 😂😂
Clean your kitchen frank!!!
Frank is awesome because he can watch animes without subtitles
Lol
frank became avant garde shitte
shit, his old videos have like 50k views and the neo ones 2 million
dude, the instrumental went so mellow in the middle of the song is there a link to the instrumental?
.
I feel like Papafranku was just sitting there looking at this pink morph suit on sale and thought "I'm gonna be the most lit motherfucker ever"
George is actually a really good musician. Every song he wrote has a brilliant use of sampling
pink guy makes me horny
My balls arent sticky enough do i have to add salt or smh ?
who fukken produced this track its unbelievable
Make a real mix tape or something and try to go big. It's stupid to waste such a talent...
Now i want to see pink guy in segments on a video game such as Professor Genki.
he is a acctualy a sick rapper bruh
Sick song bro
"thats not funny"



Filthy frank's humor in a nutshell
k
Congratulations Frank, you are the hottest gayest dad!
My brother made riceballs
I hate my generation
good shit
the beat is pretty sick
this is my first filthyfrank video and I am very confused
Honestly joke music is better then serious music, out of the normies
Daddy has booty goals
FrankTheCreator
Holy niggerfaggots. Why are there so many anime fags in his fanbase. If your YouTube avatar is anime you should probably hang yourself
bru it bud tuh smoc
Nice video. Can't wait to see what other music you produce
i actually like the song
I WANT RICE BALLS. Asian style with hair and ash.
either this is really good or i don't know what good shit sounds like
holy shit this is so good what the fuck
This video is more than enough to kill myself, thanks papu.
Get TheNeedleDrop to review this
I want papa franku to fuck me with a radiator pipe. (Jerry)
Frank make a vaporwave song
Why is his house always a mess?
For fuck sake Frank! Clean your kitchen!
Do u actually smoke?
made riceballs to this, could taste the dank
Papa Franku is the best
I'd bang.
I watch this every time I finish masturbating
lit af
I'm drunk asf ans this is the best :3
Snoop dogg needs to do a collab
this song actually sounds really good on subwoofers
Frank, please put some of your songs on iTunes. I know I would buy rice balls, dumplings, and wefallgn. You ask me, put that shit up and make some dough, I'd pay for it👍🏼
I know that this is supposed to pretty much one giant-ass joke, but this is legit.
needs sesame seeds b0ss
If you listen close enough... you can hear the distant sound of millions of panties dropping.
I want ur rice balls
i like porn
Ok this is the first filthy frank video I've seen and I'm confused and scared
You forgot Omusubi, Frank.
Pink omega fire af pls marry me
If Papa Franku is 12 I'm 12
Beat is filthy
HISSSSSS
Download?
I feel like I don't belong here
good rape
You live in the type of flat I'd imagine a Uni student would live in.

Can I come live with you?
2:25 and pause on the frame

I want it as my wallpaper!
I remember seeing the comment that said "make sum real muzic plox". Frank even replied to it, dude got rekt.
fucking LOVE this degeneracy!
This is fucking good what the fuck
when will this be on Spotify papafranku?
papa spitting straight fire
hey guys do you think bush did 9/11? if so plz fund me a few days ago i decided i wanted to be a rapper
please make the dream come true :^^^^)))
gofundme.com/avpzak9k
This shit sounds like something odd future would make, specially something tyler would maker lmfao
intro is lit
私は 毎日 おむすび を 食べます、、
how bout lets also not get cancer from the cigs
Filthy you should have a music channel
Is this a freestyle?
1:12 the beat is sick
lyrics pls
Papa franku more like papa danku
I would say frank is hot, but his house is pretty dirty and he acts like pewdiepie on crack...
I like how all of this is supposed to be funny, but then he actually makes awesome music....
Pink guy the creator
do you fill in the Piano bits on your own? I particularly like the jazz chords you used to the Ramen and Ronald Mcdonald ones
Watched this video so many times. I even memorized the lyrics.
Deep
dat lip sinc tho
Dat Beat Is Sexy As Salamander Man :3
What is joji music?
The thing is I actually likes the beats..
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe.
Ha.
What is that suppose to mean
whoa, his real voice. was not expecting that.
is it bad that I have a crush on papa franku.❤❤
Lobby. Ok. m8 i feel like talking. Urm...
I honestly fuckin love how you incorperate the food into it i love these and do hope to see more
##Fuck your dog I can smack E.T##
such filth, much scam ez
were my subtitles b
was this filmed on an iPhone?
pink guy is my new god
sexy dimes apex hair cursing i have tiny boat collection. everyone wins!!!!!!
hs voice.. its... just... sexy as hell +
It's not a crime to dislike certain genres of music. I suppose I like rap a little, but only in a satirical way. I like order and sophistication in what I listen to, what I download, what I construct. Anyway, excellent video as always, Frank. Keep being filthy as possible.
1:11 is just perfect. Sounds like Earl Sweatshirt or Tyler the Creator. Amazing.
how's life been jo?
taking your medicine?
BARS!
KSI thinks he's good ? he should listen to this awesomeness , ksi is a fame-whore cunt
plz call me m0n3y b0y, famo
THIS IS LIT
This is such a sick beat.
I would hate my fans too if they acted this autistic
TMW Jewji can't open a tin properly
"We want joji music"

I mean whatever man, I just want more fuckin masterpieces from papa franku.
i just jacked off before this.  now i feel great watching this video.  thank you papa franku for revealing im a degenerate
rice baller!!!!!
Joni pls finish the album man the 2 tunes were fucking fire
I'd legitimately buy this from itunes tbh
1:24 That's a nice chair.
I hate Asians because everytime I open a rice bag a bunch of Asians comes to my house like more than 20+ wtf
that bulge tho
Hey m8 how can i get this instrumental m8
You need like an album on iTunes, Spotify, Pandora or something cause i think your music kicks ass and would so buy it
lit af
1:25 was that Donald trump saying "Bing" ?😂
That part after the radiator pipe was fucking fire gg George, Do more please! C:
damn hot ^
I want this to play at my funeral.
DUUUDE THIS NIGGA PRODUCTION IS ON FUCKING POINT
Listen at half speed... got maximum cancer
Better than ksi.
Pink guy colab with Tyler or Walt plz
1:24 BMO???
ILU FRANKU
This is perfect this is what music should be.
George
do whatever you fucking want to man
'i saw a black guy walking down the street with a tv, i thought it was mine but no, mine was at home polishing my shoes' exclaimed pink guy. Im not racist
was dat a real ciggarete?
Im pink guy for halloween
What kind of stoges does he smoke?
me and the police had a huge gangbang  with a dead dog that had rabies lol some of the cum got onto the road causing car crashes
No one seems to realize this video is a direct response to all the people talking about JojiMusic and JojiVlogs and how he doesn't want to be your rolemodel like you all expect him to be...
this is some Odd Future Type Shit
This is actually hot.
I bet Pink Guy gets all the pussy.
I actually found this video while looking for a recipe for Rice Balls, glad I found it
20,000 comment
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I hate to say this because he makes fun of Internet rappers but....honestly this is good...even though the lyrics are weird.
Drop bars so hot it burned my monitor.
nice video for 2015 year ending
you should make this your new outro
sub 2 me fgt
nice jelly donuts
holy hell...some kids were listening to this while playing smash bros in the college lobby
DOPE
He should rename the video to "Jelly filled donuts"
Wtf is dat lobby sheet
Papa you're not going to become this huge rapper because you're different. You warned me about this
fuckin lit
damn
Once you notice how dirty his feet are.
wake me up.
Lit AF
If my mom found out that I watch this shit
This Should Be On iTunes
come listen to my music i guarantee you'll hate on it and me
?
why does this make me think of Tyler The Creator?
What does he use to mix that
really cool video. reminded me of tyler the creator for some reason
hey is that jojivlogs
your facial hair keeps me from going insane
When furanku learns motion tracking.
This guy's fucking Johnny Gat!
Put this on iTunes pls
Next album when?
I honestly didn't know punk guy could rap cook smoke or do much of anything but scare people and talk random gibberish along with his friends I learn a lot from him bye Ilysm
HAVE. MY. KIDS.
could this be a rice ball how to?
DOPE AF FAM
SO COnfused....
Tbh he got some really good beat making skills
If frank came up with a real album on iTunes I would buy the shit out of it
"Music is music. You don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem"
He NEEDS to be featured on the next Tyler album.
dude i fuckin love you
Best. Pink guy rap. Ever
I heard a Keith ape reference.
Muh onigiri.
10 whole likes n i'll kill myslef
frank you can make it big, drop your mixtape
Was fucking lit all the up to the word etchilom or however the fuck you spell it, but it slowly got worse as it went on
this guy is the real meaning of "live your life to its fullest". Fuck it, he's just having so much fucking fun and I support that.
Filthy and h3h3 are the baddest mother fuckers on youtube.
Best music video of the year.
hey bro check out my mixtape
Lets all go to the Bobby ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What is this song!
Genre of music? Like this isn't thug rap, but the song is sick and I want more like it
This is actually fucking dope stepdad, please give me more
Nice beat...... Faggot ;)
Is it sad this taught me how to make rice on the stove.....
Anyone ever notice how talented Frank actually is?
He can rap, dance, and cook.
He is funny, clever, and somewhat smart.
1:46 I just...words can't describe this.
60 fps Frank is best Frank
I don't need a microwave
I bet frank gets mad pussy
Listening this with Beats is like a sense of bliss
1.25x speed
All jokes aside, this song is really good.
fire
Wish this and Trap Dumplings were on Spotify. D=
IT'S LIT FAM
Im here because of Vibrantbass
:3
heard killler whales i see it g ma copy
Are we still not talking about that kick ass bassline
does it matter what type of cigarette ashes i use? trying to impress my girlfriends parents
What equipment does papa franku use? You can see plenty of it when he sits in the bath tube... Those beats are fucking dope man
pink guy and tyler the creator need a feature....
Now this is quality music
Cancer has been cured by being replaced. When cancer gets cancer its called frank. Thus Fr4N1K1 is the cure to cancer.
Filthy Frank is the Tits.... A cups of course lol jk Pink Guy killing the beat while prepping some fish meat
I got these pussy bitches wailing (whaling) like the Japanese.  Killer line - I died a little inside :D
Pink guy looks like tinkle from legend of zelda xD
Is this Action Bronson?
bring back joji vlogs
Dude. He should have a vevo
newest member of OFWGKTA
This is so beautiful Franku ;-;
subscribe to me
Will he collab with Odd future?
YES TELL 'EM
This song speaks to me on a personal level
Why isn't this on iTunes
actually balls are always dropped even when a baby just saying :)( I put my fingers in pussies like 0hh
Pink guy should've been performing in Super Bowl
That's some good Bari Sax ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
This song is better than KSI's rap career
this was really really smooth though
Is it just me,or does anyone else get hungry from these?
HOLY FUCK! IS THAT JOJI VLOGS!!!??
"i'm here to be an act not a role model"
THIS IS SHIT
His voice sounds really good as the beat progresses.
Hilarious and original
this guy needs jesus
It's like Franku gives us cancer but then he cures it with awesome music.
Pink guys best rap yet
nah franku, I understand why you want to keep real life away from YouTube life but the true reason your fans what "more joji" is because  youre hot and the lot of your fan base are just looking for some dude they can obsess over. which in your case wouldn't be bad, but ayy you do you.
Is this guy literally influencing people to smoke blunt?! Besides that, this was so funny!
Can't stop listening to this, even while playing, I'm desperate to teach my gf what's Papa franku, our dad, any tip?
A E S T H E T I C
Is this you and if it is you should do more rap
what kind of camera does he use?? It looks fantastic
GOLF
I see papa franku gets down with the dirty verses 'n' beats.
this shit is lit
This track lowkey filthy
I actually fucking love your songs papafranku! Please keep it up
fake
Foked up
I don't know why this exists but I'm happy about it
yo who raps like this like the style I don't listen to much rap but im kinda into this kind
Tyler the pink guy
STILL P.I.N.K Still doing my thing,  ain't too much changed. ..
straight fire bro
i have found myself here yet again.
This is 1000 times better than the pewdiepie song. Your song cured my cancer.
I really want this song but it isn't on soundcloud :c
filthy Frank has bars
Eminem < Pink Guy
Pink guy should do a collab with Dumbfoundead. They almost have the same style and even look!
Pink Oméga: The Professional
WHAT VIDEO THEFT BOX DID YOU USE.
>Mfw my one song will never generate this much views and likes
this was actually good..what the fuck?
This was hot
This is pretty fucking good!! And im a metalhead.
i am actually inlove
fiiiiiya!
This shit is amazing, it not even funny its just fire
not all gods wear capes, some wear pink suits.
I could've eaten this beat.
why the fuck ERB hasn't call this guy, yet?
make more music now because Tyler the creator ain't working on any new music idek what lil dicky is doing the world of strange rap is in your hands
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
           Who's      watching   This  In    NOVEMBER   1263 BC?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Anyone know any music that has a similar beat/style to this, i genuinely really like the music in this video.
whos watching this while on lunch brake from Consentration Camp security guard
All the recommendations are Vevo channels.
pls i need lyrics for this song :DDD
daamn spotify needs this
This was uploaded on my birthday, and I've never been happier
shit this is pretty good
this is probably literally the most non-sarcastic thing frank has ever made
do a basketball video and the black community will love you
That editing though...
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                    WATCHING IN 2016 ANYONE?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
 Reply  · 200
And I'll fuck you with the radiator pipe.
Lowkey hes good asf at making music
Post your music Pandora it will help your cannel and more.
I Actually like this song, is that a bad thing?
I can't watch the 'people I hate' video... because it's age restricted and I'm in Korea without a phone number......sad....
i... just cant stop wacthing this video
G0d 
I G0tta g0 get Dr0ped of at s0ccer practice 
Its Tuesday 
<u>
Dude that was fire, my house is Burnt down but because of this.....
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday"  This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls er'day I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
when franku's voice gives you a boner, thanks george
Is this alternate dimension pink guy.
im really curious how he did the lighting for this.
i love swag pink guy
L I T ? 🔥
2:36 - 2:40 was clean as fuck
North Korea
this is awesome I love that he can be funny AF and lit AF .
How can you invest in large balls I.E a nutsack?
can you make a new fucking video already
can you give a instrumental to this
Closest we are gonna get to his actual voice haha
Whoes singing...? Is it him?!??
Can I buy this on iTunes?
People don't understand that this video was just him in a bath tub and him making rice.
FRANK YOU FUKER. MAKE A INSTRUMENTAL TO THIS AS SOON AS YOU SEE THIS PLEASE. OTHERWISE I'LL SEND A ARMY OF SQUIRREL'S IN NORTH FACE JACKETS TO RAID YOU HOUSE
Praise Papa Franku!
The funny thing is that I'm sure Papa Frankfurt is well off financially since he gets good consistent views/likes, yet lives in shit places. 
He should be smart, save up, and get a house that's secluded from other people that way be can be even louder and obnoxious. Also invest in better equipment. Papa Frankfurt gotta evolve. 😏
Joji you should include yourself in the show, so people can know that your here too, not just some person hiding himself which I know your not doing(hopefully). This isn't a hate comment but start including yourself into the show man, for real
I have crippling autism
This guys weird af. But he's pretty darn talented.
Finally he made a real song.
Absolute fire! I love it!!
Grammy for best rice recipe
Beat is sick asf
A true masterpiece.
Why is frank's house so crap if he has so many subs he could afford better stuff or is it just a set?
I really don't understand why it's so terrible that people want Joji music (or even JojiVlogs). I agree that the people calling themselves "true fans" are cancer, but just wanting some more serious/chill content isn't much to ask in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy everything that Papa Franku creates, but I also thoroughly enjoy Joji content and unfortunately the world has seen very little of him. Even if it's just really quick unedited vlogs, a little break from Frank would be nice now and again.


I wasn't around when it happened, and I've heard about the amount of retaliation from the fans after he revealed himself, but I didn't think it was so bad as to where he's reluctant to be Joji at all.




EDIT: I just read his twitter post. It all makes sense now.
Lil B taught me how to cook - Pink Guy
nice meme
\pol\
thanks for aids u fucking faggot <3
XDXDXDXD
Handsome, can rap, cook. Bitches these days can´t appreciate real men.
I know ain't nobody gon' see dis but im dropping a mad mixtape of me breaking dogs necks.
if ya'll check it out maybe i can finally feed my niggerfaggot kids.

-MadLyricz, Real O.G
is that the daredevil o__o
❤❤❤
I dont like rap but this is good
wot, have Tyler watch this
This is the sanest I've seen pink guy
I like what he says about people wanting joji to come back and how he says it cus you guys are fags
Anyone else getting a Tyler the creator vibe?
You suck give up the dream.
🔥🔥🔥
2:38 at half speed is great
I'm pretty sure HowToBasic has nothing against this...
seems like something OFWGKTA would make
oh bean bean bean bean bean bean oh bean bean bean bean bean bean
eyo papa can you put your stuff on spotify? it would be mucho appreciato.
you need to become a rapper full time no joke you need an album for me man
I tried rapping to this, IDK if am an autistic internet rapper or not. its stage one. Bleach should help right?
does he really smoke?
we want serious music that isnt a joke*
better?
Lit🔥🔥🔥
Ive watched this 20+ times since you released actually a good song
PLEASE MAKE ANOTHER ALBUM PLEASE
Fire!!!!!
When is this coming out in duh iTunes b0ss
This beat is clean af
Hisss? I'm scared.
love this shit man!
I love how by denying that there is real and fake music he begins to make real music with actual meaning at the end.
please upload another video
woowoowoowoowoowoowoow this is some good shit man
I NEED THIS SONG IN BASS BOOSTED FORM
!
Iv just came to this channel and I already have suisidal intensions
One of the beats was BMO saying Fin.
I feel like filthy Frank could be a seriously good rapper if he took it seriously
fuck dude u almost blew my subwoofer out
why is the beat so lit though
Just here for my daily listen
way to waste rice, ホモ
fucking nicely done rice. Very fluffy.
SAMEEE
his voice made me pregnant.
He didn't have it easy tho. He started out in the weeb realm when his dad gave him a small loan of 1 million chromosomes
I will buy all of ur mixtapes Frank
Why isn't this on iTunes
Why isn't this on iTunes
i laughed so hard when he talked about how people were crying since he didnt bring "joji's 'real' music" back
Still better than soulja boy
This beat is actually awesome.
have my children
Bruh, clean that fucking stove
Your songs always seem to exceed my expectations! I love the beat man keep up the good :)
Instrumental is fucking sick tho
2:32   eyyy bosss!! nice catch with de cigarette there boss...topkek.
GAY PARADE
I fucking love this song
SECOND ALBUM PLS
I won't watch the super bowl until Joji is featured in the half time show.
Straight out of the Jungle.
PLOT TWIST: he started filthy frank to promote his mixtape....
#bars 💯💯
low-key shittin on these fags. beautiful
all your music is great George. I love your Shit
lit
I wish I could rap like Pink Guy... I'm so jealous.
you shoul clean up your rooms xD
Who thinks his regular voice is sexy af
what program or website does he use to make the music.
who got a gif of 1:54-1:55
pink guy 2 gon be 🔥
George you're cool man.
ITS VERY CLEAR
Top 10 best anime rappers of all time
Imagine if 3pac and him made a collab, that shit would be amazing.
tyler, the creator?
jesus fucking christ this is good
Dude ive been listening to this song at least 1 time a day since he dropped it
I was not expecting this
i just cant imagine him talking with his normal voice while wearing the pink guy suit
Wait does he actually smoke or Jair for videos because I find that concerning 0.o…
I would kill a puppy for 1 rice ball, pleeeeeez
I really wish he put his music on iTunes
"I'm here to be an act not a role model."
He dont need a microwave
wat
Sounds like something e-dubble would have made around 5 years ago, I like it
Sounds like DFD on acid.
Some one give this man a label
無スキルを持つ曲。
I can't stop listening
Plzz help me
Were did he get the beat
Where can I get those glasses?
lyrics pls
Dude ur fokin cancer u fucking asshat chink
I think I've learned how to make rice balls after watching this video.
collab with frankjavcee
Almost better than matty B tbh
This bass is 🔥🔥
if I could describe this channel in 1 word it would be....          Down
I fucking love this.＼(^o^)／
His floor is always so fucking dirty
aren't おにぎり more like a triangular shape instead of a round shape?
Tyler
so hot aww
ive almost listened to this song as much as ive listened to what is love
Gots that Senbei kind of beat.
"I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pussies like oh". Fucking epic
If only Frank knew how to as cool as Pink Guy
put it on spotify
bla bla boa bleep bleep bla
What camera do you use? Those slo mo shots give me a full chub.
HE DOESN'T NEED A MICROWAVE
put this on itunes
Isnt there a game called onigiri.
It's wierd hearing him speak normally, noting that he usually sounds like he smokes a pack a day.
plugged this shit into my speakers and the bass is actually hard as fuck
Damn nigga this shits fresh tbh.
Download link?
papa is the best rapper tbh
welcome to the chin chin dimension
Oh so sad how you have to use pots and all that hard stuff . . . good thing i use a rice cooker
This production is better than most rappers #facts
To be honest, the lyrics are okay. The real draw here is the beat. Holy shit. It's so good.
someone needs to sponser him he's auctuall hella dope 👌👏
low key cherry bomb tbh
I'm addicted to that base and beat like oh my god if it weren't for the lyrics I'd show this to my friends
why
THE FILTHY BEGINS
He is actually a decent rapper
Too much salt? TOO MUCH SALT OMG THESE RICE BALLS ARE SO SALTY
he is deffenetly da best rapper in da world! I'm not kidding!! luv ur rap pink guy
The beat goes hard!🔥🔥🔥💯💯
eyyy macfag! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
frank i nedd more fuck like this
he doing this shit, remind me so bad to yung lean.
Ohnigger
Filthy beat b0ss 10/10
Oh.... (Be be bebe bebe)
Oh...... (Bebe be be bebe)
Favourite part. Although its "By" from the word "Lobby" I think.
[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time

Credit: Genius.com
Put this on repeat right the fuck away!
I'm going to kill myself to this. <3
This is the first time I've watch one of this guys videos and if he does more of this stuff...where do I get one of his pink suits?
What a good cooking show
Dumbfoundead xx
If you actually take it as a joke it's really good and funny
chernobyl af
yo this shit is actually lit
I love you FilthyFrank.
I want to fist a camel while it's sleeping
is it weird i have learnt the whole song by heart?
where can i find this beat? Songs terrible because, well because it's supposed to but the beats fuckin dope tho.
Thx now I know how to make rice balls now all I need to do is start smoking thank you papa franku
You should put together a mix tape to present to record producers
wats with the pink costume
I think he got cabin fever or something
ти придурок
Dat camera quality b0ss <3
I'm sorry but I see your dick pointing when you toss that rice ball behind you to your other hand were you wearing anything underneath?
That joji fan roast was wonderful.
0:17-0:18 nice boner papa franku ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Welcome to the rice fields
Is this on iTunes I would pay for it
When you watch filthy frank for cooking advice <-
make more songs fafa franku
great moves
keep it up
proud of u
shave your nigger ass neck beard
1:10 sounds like some odd future shit
the
man I love the 808s from this
Bruh this is straight fire🔥
this vid was uploaded on my birthday. dankest shit ever
what kind of japanese does frank speak, kanji or some shit?
Why.. why are people saying lit.. xD Just say it's hella gucci b0i, ugh this generation amirite guize? UMADBRO UMADBRO? PROBLEM PROBLEM?
Latin people love rice too, it's not just you fucking Asian piece of shit
2:20
This 1080p60 HD video quality :D
yasssss
Where can I download this?
smoke more pls :D <3
ur shit is fire frank. Never knew u produced ur own shit. Keep it up mate.
BUT FRANK ITS NOT RICE BALLS
ITS ARANCINA
franks real voice is mad sexy thats real music h8ers
this guys beats are so sick
i was going to hang myself today, but then rice balls
Frank literally taught me to make rice balls with this video and now I'm addicted to the things. So fucking good.
hue hue ? ue?
Buy my mixtape bro
Dope.
Pink guy=lyrical God
puts piano beat in song
White kids: tYLER
was this filmed in Jamaica? the neighborhood in queens, new york, not the country.
best tutorial for riceballs thanks papafranku
he's like tyler the creator on a shit ton of drugs
This shit is litty titty
AAAHHHH,i see vagina warts
I think the real question is: How good were the rice balls?
this gives me 2nd hand embarrassment
I want joji music!!! what kinda of shit is this!!!😤😤😡😡😡😠😠😠
My pink omega, where are you?
fucking 60 fps porn bruh
throw papa franku in of
Always lit 🔥
This beat is fucking seag
SHIT IS FUCKIN F I R E NIGGA GOT BARS 

I'm having an orgasm.
You are officially a god in my eyes.
What complete retard built that bathtub?
This goes hard
video is ass
The real question: Who films this shit?
well now I know how to make rice balls
haha loved this, serious under the belief he hates 90% of the people he attracts as fans
I think this song is pretty damn funny, but I really fucking love your singing and this beat, whether or not this song is a joke it is a damn good song along side being funny.
Give a my, give a my rice balls
so this song is about how he's doing YouTube just for SHOTS and giggles and he's not being serious.
I want a instrumental of that piano shit. That's some good shit
ass dick
make a song about mapo tofu
do a collaboration with tyler the creator
banger
I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
ffffakk
"Make real music" Fuck you this is awesome.
This song was pretty great before I saw a fucking swan in the comments, we get it you like fucking your sibling. #FuckAsh #MoreNeon
I washed this so many times that I think I became rice a ball
god damn that was dope
Reminds me of Tyler the creator?
Bruh rizeballz
I Came
At least its not like Ksi his rap is shit i liked this rap has a good flow
seriously make more music holy shit.
UUUUUuuuhhhh! We want real music! We want real music! We want Joji music!
Where can I get the lyrics?
Please stop smoking dad ;(
download link plox
That's pretty good
Papa franku smokes ?
Bruh
@TVfilthyfrank how old are you?
The bass shattered my window
"perfect songs don't exi-"
fist me papa franku
wtf Brandon Rogers is well better lol watch the hate come in now but idgaf
anyone think he sounds like the rapper watsky?
When your parents let you smoke for the first time
Don't kill me
But are Joji and Filthy Frank the same person?
I NEVER SPANKED MY KIDS AND I RAISED A PIECE OF SHIT
You're a filthy bastard, Filthy Frank.
yeah! Second favorite of the raps! (not an insult, the Ramen rap was just too good.) But why all the smoking?
awesome shit man!
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 L I T 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Almost as good as chloe Burbank on sound cloud ;)
pink is my new favorite rapper. hes really good and its impressive. plus, he doesnt care if we think its good or not.
Pink Guy > Lil Wayne
the bass is making my headphones shaaake
Odd Frank?
Anyone who says he should real music is dumb. This is real music there are no rules to art.
Frank, i fucking love you ;)
What do you use to make instrumentals for your raps? Does anyone else know?
Forreal doe, frank has insane delivery and his wordplay is clever as shit. fuck man, make some real songs plizzzz
Honestly, if you sit there and actually say "Oh what is "real music"" it's what I'm like with my own medium, "What is real art?"

Sure you have fun doing it and I think it's good stuff, but I can't help but call out on this.
Real music is something with true emotions, true ties, true depth. You do all the things you do because they're "fun", but that sounds half baked to me.

You're also being too literal about the subject, it isn't a case of "it's fake if it isn't "real"", if it isn't "real", it's just there.
I could make a track, beat, or piece of artwork that's a total joke but still argue that "Oh well - I - think it's real."

You choose to "do what you want" but in the end you just got mad because people preferred your other stuff rather than stuff that sounds like you're just trying to have a quick laugh. Where's the emotion in that? Where's the depth?

Sam Smith made a James' Bond song that wasn't anything like his usual music, a lot of people didn't like it.
He fucking literally said "I don't mind" and carried on. But you just pretty much began crying and ragequit, effectively hurting a large fanbase for fuck all reason. Not like you couldn't just continue making all types of stuff, did you not want to? Why the fuck make it in the first place then? And to satisfy these planks and your own ego. So yeah, it is pretty god damn FAKE when you think about it. Your whole youtube persona is fake, and that's the point. 

It's really a shame. I'm not too interested in you as a person because well, it's not my place, but being a sociopath isn't my cup of tea. I don't care if I know you or not, I care. I give a damn. So to see you be stretched apart by your fanbase, it's ridiculous.

You don't even attempt to understand the feelings of those who enjoyed the other music. Who felt the emotion from it. You don't care because you're mad. Because they, what, insulted your work? Think about it from anyone's point of view who isn't a complete fucking autistic pleb, half of your music literally sounds like a joke. Don't get me wrong, it's good and well structured, but like I said earlier, you just sound like you're trying to get a quick laugh. I enjoyed those other songs because they generate such a large contrast between your other personas. It was a really amazing thing and actually effected the impact 10x more. But you wouldn't understand that. Because the music you made under Joji, or PinkOmega, or whatever the fuck you want to call yourself, was actually the fake music.

Honestly, I'm glad you won't be touching that kind of music again. Your shitty hands would only ruin the genre.

You should know all about fake. You live it every day.
Suddenly the cinematic quality of Filthy Frank improved
Yo drop more shit actually like this shit goes
joji - onigiri?
I made some rice balls today, they were cold and flavourless, they reminded me of you, my day got a little better after that.
TBH, this is some fire.
is ris supposed to offend me...
It smells like Sniff Sniff Cancer?
I always leave thinking wtf am I watching
You can come eat my rice balls anytime.
I played this song out loud, my dad than says: "Isn't that Marilyn Manson?!" Dad u autistic fuck x'D
MORE LIKE RICE FIRE!!! i wanna kill myself now
Still better than KSI
Dude fck youtube...you can become a fking amazing rapper O.O
I idol this man, what the fuck is wrong with me?
This is in some strange way beautiful
これがすきです。。。。。
wanna buy my mixtape?
But why would you rinse the starch off if you are making them into rice balls? You make no sense. You just make it harder for yourself.
Fire shit fam 🔥🔥🔥
The way this music video starts, a repeating noise while a guy wearing pink smokes a cigarette in a bathtub. Also known as an analogy for my life.
RICE BALLS IN MY FACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fucking lit
Fuckin' Fire
where does he live ?
best video ever good job frank
Papa, what program do you use to edit your videos?
FilthyFrank has been consumed by Joji or is it the other way around?
I would love to learn this style.
collab with keith ape fam
it's a fucking nice
He's a pretty good producer
i fucking love this
Buena Cancion HIJO E LA PERRA!!!!!1
Low key into this
Album please?
I played this on a tv and the bass got my dog barking. Pretty fuckin' awesome.
I like this beat, this beat is nice, m8 ^~^
what's that a second pick guy album you say
highkey lit af
Joji I Saw Your Dick Jiggle In Dat Suit Comin Out The Tub..🌚
Gimme da pussy boss
ive watched this at least 100+ times i can make rice balls without even thinking about it now
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time.
pink Omega should run for sennate.
I want that Joji and Pink music hell yeah keep it going man you're fucking amazing
My life is now complete that he made a song about onigiri cx
I get the message. I think you are really talented and I appreciate what you do. I know it hurts to be this talented. I won't say please keep doing it; that would be selfish but as long as you choose to continue doing this, I am on your side.-fan
i need some pg if you know what i'm saying
appreciated
I ' m writing this with my penis
Love you papa
dope as fuck papa franku
Haha wonder how Ksi feels knowing a grown man who walks around in a pink suite shouting crap is better than him at rapping
He finally said it you crybabies.
what a shitty apartment
3:00 you know that it is the wrong way to smoke and eat at the same time...
This makes me question my rappin skills franku 😀🔫
I was high when I made my name
this is actually so good
Clean your house
Today's lesson is... Don't smoke kids
You call Jojiboys out on creating a divide between "real" and "fake", but you specifically made that divide yourself, talking about how you were going to drop a #RealShit album and creating a new name (Pink Omega) for harder Pink Guy tracks. I remember back when you had to sit down and talk to us as George because the stress of maintaining the Franku persona was getting to you, and now you want to act like people are all expecting some special shit from you when you were just playing one straight line the whole time. The truth is that you weren't and that you created all these funny characters to fuck around with separate from other shit - now you want to pull the wool back over us and act like you're the court jester through and through.

I'm not disappointed in anything you're doing because what does it really matter in the end? It would be nice to have one album of serious shit, but you can do whatever the fuck you want. Make it, don't make it, it doesn't matter to me. Just know that acting like that divide never existed is pure fuccboi.
Guys this is actually a tutorial on how to make fire rice balls
What kind of camera do you use frank?
It actually sound so good. xD
i got a Vietnam flashback after watching  this best song gg
low key dank
I like the 60fps
Recipe please?
Lets all go to the mojave. ;)
1:46, dat fucking face xD
I'm pretty sure this is the closest we'll get to knowing Filthy Frank's real voice.
Apartment is trashed lmao xD
rice with tuna!!!!
is it good?
black nigger in the dumplings
filthy frank smokes?
Dear Papa Franku, 
You are a God. Your music is extremly underrated. Keep it up.
Bye.
Clean your god damn house u filthy fuck
хуй!
my girlfriend left me
i just found out that 1:23 is a sample of beemo saying finn
This beat is dope
Baka yaro kono yaro
Fucking art man.
lowkey want to hear a serious  rap instead of just this stuff. I mean it's still awesome, I just feel like he could make some straight fire in a studio.
those riceballs actually look tasty...
He sounds basically identical to CollectivePOV
The thought that always crosses my mind when watching these videos......how does the house get cleaned?
Show of hands, who ended up here searching for an actual rice ball recipe? 

(._.)/
Bout to make rice balls for the first tike
aw he had a boner
I actually learned how to make rice, though its really fucking salty.
Hi Frank! I don't know if this is real or not. I have seen the "real" you. I have looked it up and it said re-uploaded. I have heard a time ago you had bad seizures. The video said your name is George and you're nickname is Joji. At the time you were 20 and you were a student at college. I am not trying to "expose" you. But I know you said it isn't going to put your life in danger. But, I am a new subscriber and I wanted to know if you were okay! :D
Low key lit
LOBBY
LA LA LA BEE BEE BEE
Song kinda seems like a diss tbh
The best rap. Ever.
learned a new dish today lol
Is he serious or is it a joke
Stage 5 internet rapper.
Papa Franku, why? ;-;
😞
hahaha cancer
Pink Guy Album 2?
THIS BEAT IS SOOOO LIT
First time listening:
Ayy that's pretty good

100th time listening:
I DONT NEED A MICROWAVE!!
WHOLE STUFFED CAMEL RECIPE:
.........................................................
Skin, trim and clean camel (once you get over the hump), lamb and chicken.
Boil until tender.
Cook rice until fluffy.
Fry nuts until brown and mix with rice.
Hard boil eggs and peel.
Stuff cooked chickens with hard boiled eggs and rice.
Stuff the cooked lamb with stuffed chickens.
Add more rice.
Stuff the camel with the stuffed lamb and add rest of rice.
Broil over large charcoal pit until brown.
Spread any remaining rice on large tray and place camel on top of rice.
Decorate with boiled eggs and nuts.
Serves a friendly crowd of 80-100.
:D Какой же он классный -
Download ?
I think this could have be filthier
I never thought I'd be commenting about the production quality of a Filthy Frank video... But damn, this looked good. So did ET.
Beat: Earl Sweatshirt
Lyrics: 17 year old Tyler the Creator
funny how little people pay attention to lyrics
Херня какая-то
I want Joji Miller music!
betta than Drake
Moar food raps plz!
Proleter reference in bathtub?
Straight Outta the Rice Fields Motha' Fucka'
nujabes on crack
Better than Internet rappers
This is so fire Man.
I swear this is some OFWGKTA kinda beat
i listen to this song to drown out my parents arguing. Your music makes me smile during this time when i know their devorce is enviable.
lob-lob-lobby--bby--lob!
Feeling an odd future vibe from this beat its dope
Frank you made me go insane and i dont know what to do with my life anymore
honest critique:

not as good as the old shit. this just sounds like an OF ripoff.
pink omega
how is pink guy only able to speak normally when he's rapping?
Wow. This is acually pretty awsome! Nice work Frank!
His raps are always dope as fuck.
whens the next chin chin sacrifice?
Let's all go to the lobby
O no b0ss u hab canser
ugh, its so fire but it makes me soo hungry
Holy crap, those first scenes are great. Franku is a great photographer
1:17 "I act retarded on stage."

This should tell those who didn't know yet that he actually ISNT crazy all the time it's just his 'character'.
Filthy beat I love it. No pun intended.....

The pun was intended nvm.
Are you Japanese?
crazy how good this shit is lol keep doing this shit man
Weldone George this was awesome
###############YYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That breakdown with the piano was so Odd Future
I don't even get why this is so good.
You deserve more subs.
im all yours, papi
2:24 Django Reference?
Ahahahaha awesome
This man may be the edgiest man on the interweebs
Pink guy is the new MACKELEMORE
when a youtuber's music doesn't actually suck.
fuck is Yoda voice at
this was the best song to end 2015
Nice beat.
where's the guy who commented the lyrics? :(
What a spiritual lyrical miraculous individual......
this shit is L                    I                    T
The ending of this song does concern me to an extent. Don't get me wrong I fucking love this and all of Frank's content, been a fan for the past 2-3 years dude. However I was first excited for the Joji album, then it got cancelled (or so I heard), and then there was PinkOmega with Trap Dumplings and it was gonna be the true start to "serious" music, but then the end of this song kinda hints like that's over. Is anyone else more educated on this? If so please do tell me what's going on. Either way keep up the amazing work frank, gonna fuck with you till I die b0ss.
keep up the good fucking work man
When the beat drops I'm like: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙) ( ͡◉ ͜ʖ ͡◉)
Smoking is bad for your voice.





I don't care if you smoke honestly
just by watchimg this video,i learned how to make an onigiri :D
hey just watched you "filthy frank revels himself" vid somewhere deep in the internet. How come you haven't actually uploaded any vlogs to your jojivlogs channel?
im just gonna say it now but he is really cute in this vid
is it bad that i actually REALLY like this?
Bro do you even underwear?
this is fire
tfw Joji could make mad money off of his music.
Dude I actually like this song... Is this on Spotify? Lol if not it should be!!!
i played this in a csgo comp lobby and it was fire, also i got reported and banned for a month
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good song,that really rare!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█
beat lit af
pink guys ass tho
too damn Filthy (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
want the instrumentals so bad ahaha can never find good ones
I fapped to this.
Reminded me of Money for nothing by the dire straits idk why maybe its the microwave thing
he could buy like a zillion dildos with the money he can get off people on patreon
u NEED to have a feat. with Tyler, the Creator
is this how you make rice balls?
Yo, pink guy is fire
I feel obligated to try rice balls now... they look gr88
lo-fi P O E T R Y man
If this is his actual voice, it's actually lit
Papa Frank pls fucking clean ur apartment. It is more dirty then ping guy's sex dungeon.
lowkey fire
stuffing rice with canned tuna =/= rice balls
That stove is fucking filthy.
fire
Where can I find his background sound/beat it's so fucking lit. And where can I download this somg
this song makes me want to shove rice balls in my ass.
He Can actually rap
Hes really fucking talented.
every body these guy is the Internet so when you hate on him he will fuck the shit out of you
Your real voice is hotaf
He should do more videos about his real self. George. Not just his characters. But he has way too many idiotic fans that will bash him for it. its sad.
Put them rice balls in my assh0le
1:24 dat butt jiggle tho
this beat made me cream my pants
Eso phileomedome eoskedetchtite mal eoskeduechentuegen oneyed fertrude howr?
THIS MIXTAPE IS FIRE
Cigarette cake.
i remember this beat back in 2013
Where can I find the original chillhop beat you sampled mid video?
Is that really you rappin fam
welcome to the bronx
holly fuck! did you guys noticed how well that rice got coocked? it fucking stayed on the window like a sticker
60fps video looks like ass.
At first I was concerned that you were putting cigarette butts into rice balls, then I remembered that you FED A MAN THE MATERIALS TO MAKE CAKE, THEN MADE HIM VOMIT AND COOKED IT, THEN ATE IT
there's moments where I watch filthyfrank and he makes my cringe uncomfortable or die laugh but I didn't know his music was this dope
Please release a new mixtape of just your raps!
That fucking beat is filthy lmao
Dude you seriously need more subscribers. Youtube needs to be filthier
Dat 60 FPS doe
Mom must be proud.
:O When you realise he's been sitting on this beat for two years... Mental.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Plz add this to spotify
LYRICS PLEASE!
When is the next Chin-Chin sacrifice?
2 million views, woo!
I luv this ... Uhhmmm Person! Just want his jeezzzzzz :v
Aint nothing but a jap devil thing
I wish more rappers would be like this.... Everyone who is known (mainstream) today is so politically correct, no one is funny anymore, papa franku forever!
Breathing in more cushion than the seat got.
ashing the cig looked so fucking cool lmao
Shit's fire.
I think what meant to say is lelly donuts, not onigiri or rice balls
let's all go to the lAAABby
this is fire
tbh he should do a song with Tyler, The Creator. that would be fucking dank
I don't really dig rap but this is so mint
Is this the harlem shake dude?
Uncontrollably Masturbater is BACK !
Straight in to the fuckifucki time playlist
im,,,, in love with u tbh this is fire and im so glad ur keeping true to your sense of humour and doing what u love. more please babe. ignore people who dont understand that people can do whatever the fuck they want and stay true innit. trust. luhh u frank xxx
Put this on Spotify please Frank
good for u if u produced this

if not good job Holder
I never realised how much franku sounds like odd future!
Spit that hot fire papa
Hey, that's pretty good!
Why isn't there a link to the recipe. Would love to make this at home
1:11
Fuck.
WHAT THE FUCK ID SHOJI ANYWAY
What and how do you make the sick beats?
PLZ REPLYYY
this shit sucks ass, so unfunny
Two Q's...Who Produced it?.....Wheres the instrumental?...This is a cool ass beat...
WAY WAY better than KSI's song
WELCOME TO THE RICE FIELDS BITCH
I'm new here. What the fuck is going on?
This is actually rlly gud I dunno what you're talking about saying people don't think this is real music.
dem 60fps
Better than Slim Jesus
Let's all go to the LOOOOBBBBBYYYYY!!!!! eY b0ss
plz make a beat tape
Does he have a separate house he lives in?
Sounded almost like a clipping type flow. Pretty dope Franku
filthy frank ft tyler the creator, pls make this happen!!!
iTunes please
Frank should tour
I want to chill with this man for one hour. not him as filthy frank but as him.
All hail chin chin
this is so fuckin fresh damn it
yaaas, you know that pink guy is always doing things right.
it doesn't sound like Tyler or earl it sounds like pink omege, joji, pink niggerjew what ever joji has a really special flow and good lyricism
neat song b0ss
I like your videos dude, but this is some of the most annoying, wanna-be edgy GARBAGE I've ever heard. Spend more time writing this shit.
I hope you guys know when you hate on Frank, your are just feeding his passion, so keep doing what you are doing, i like his videos.
Smoking is bad for you.
I plugged this shit in my subwoofer and my house fucking shook from the bass. I think the police are coming, soon.
Wat did u use for slow motion?
FilthyFrank, love your channel dude. I pass out due to excitement when i see a new video. Thanks for making my day. I hope that you stay healthy and safe, may sound kinda selfish but i wouldnt want my fav youtuber to leave :(
Who the fuck do you think you are tyler the crew
can i habe de beat pls?
he just killed his haters
Dat beat!!!
60 frames per second, how saucy!!boi
PAPA FRANKU!!!!!!!
OMG PAPA FRANKU IN 60 FPS
New camera? @tvfilthyfrank
I like his nujabes and okawari influences
you know who I feel bad for? The person who has to clean up the mess he makes after every video.
U just wait for that Pink Guy ft. Earl Sweatshirt
did you just flip a cigarette into your mouth off of a frying pan?
did you just flip a cigarette into your mouth off of a frying pan?
real life fucking Trevor from gtaV
real life fucking Trevor from gtaV
This is a really good song. But you can't like, use it at parties because of his monologue at the end. Fuck you Frank
this song goes hard
It feels weird watching this in HD after watching it on my potato of a phone
This sound like some shit odd future would make I honestly didn't expect this from joji
i beg u
pls
now
Make a fucking joji album
That beat 😢
OMFG YES PINKGUY RAPS ARE THE BEST!!
He got bars
Frank you literally give meaning to life, I fucking love you! no homo but let's sword fight with our pee streams kk ;)
tfw he raps better than you
Is it just me or is his rap voice/probably normal sounding voice INCREDIBLY nice sounding? like his tone is just nice idk
Pls we need more of dat JOJI MUSIC
Give us the instrumental Franklin
lo-byby
Joji reference huh. How about I call you George
Whose voice?
It's like a live action Aqua Teen with only Frylock. It's amazing.
I like you ff music and your joji music equally, so do what you want to do
i wonder what a metal cover of this would sound like.
nice cock george
Keep up the rapping. It's str8 savage
FILTHY FRANK WORLD TOUR
The new Nujabes right there...
I have heard that beat somewhere else before. But from where?
holy sh¡t its jojivlogs
them some dank raps GEORGE!
fucken fire
fucken fire
Chef I habe a kanser,

Gibe de peteza plss b0ss
Can someone tell me what is the camera he used in this video?
Frank i just want you to do whatever you want, i thought you wanted to do joji stuff, sorry for being a pain in the ass, i listen to your pink guy songs, i never labeled it as fske music,i wish you the best of luck, sincerely, a big fan
Frank i just want you to do whatever you want, i thought you wanted to do joji stuff, sorry for being a pain in the ass, i listen to your pink guy songs, i never labeled it as fske music,i wish you the best of luck, sincerely, a big fan
Can u upload
60 fps?
smoked a bowl to the initial drop tbh.
"We waNt rEal mUiC 
We wAnt joJI MusIc"
"Bro, i didn't know that real and fake music existed! It's your fault for putting it into category"
I see a bunch here swearing at the supporting coments; "because a true fan knows", "because a true fan can't act like a  actual fan with 'joji'" (but they actually won't demonstrate that only to please the guy at any rate) are you that concerned that some other dude is concerned?
bla bla.. horse shit. Get over yourselves
you're all fucking faggots
Is that really frank singing?
you're a pretty good cook i assume?
tyler the creator should sign him
Joji this was amazing keep being you :)
Joji this was amazing keep being you :)
George, honestly i want to thank you for making such good shit, and honestly fuck anyone who just hates and is cancerous. I really love your videos and would love to see an actual "George" video instead of a "Frank" video. keep up the good shit eitherway you sexy fuck
This music is fire.
Joji I just wanna say that please put your health in front of your youtube channel. I'm not talking about your smoking I'm referring to your other health problems. please from a real fan take care of yourself.
1,666,073 subs
1,➡666⬅,073 subs
1,➡666⬅,073 subs
wow, I'm impressed. wish you didn't smoke tho.
wow, I'm impressed. wish you didn't smoke tho.
tutorial on pianos plz
Plz put your songs on iTunes plz
he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song so many times and never caught that bar.
he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song so many times and never caught that bar.
he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song and never caught that bar. George, you have earned my respect
Fuck. he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song and never caught that bar. George, you have earned my respect
Fuck. he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song and never caught that bar. George, you have earned my fucking respect
Fuck. he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song and never caught that bar. George, you have earned my fucking respect my
Fuck. he said "Mini Golf champion, boy you got no drive." I've listened to this song and never caught that bar. George, you have earned my fucking respect my nigga
still better than meek mill
I sincerely think this sounds good, keep it up joji
This is actually some dope ass shit
Still better than KSI
You just taught me how to make rice balls, Papa Franku.
Actually baller song
Gamer dudes and dudettes. When it comes to keeping your gamer gear at peak performance, oh the games people play, I'll tell ya. REALLY! A lot of you game assassins seem to think skill alone is gonna get into the victory lane as you go leaping from level to level, room to room, and world to world, With little or no effort.  Ohhhhhhhh planet rangers
Auyy
I don't wanna affend but I noticed he is growing a Neches beard tell the truth I wanna touch it and I want one
If he is actually rapping then he's got talent
what the fuck
I wish his raps were on spotify
this is lit af
The Radiator pipe got me.
I'm feeling a pink guy/filthyfrank and tyler the creator collab
I'M A SPIRITUAL LYRICAL INDIVIDUAL SPIRITUAL MIRACLE LYRICAL SPHERICAL
Tojo glasses
quit smokin mayn
k
makes me wish he was apart of odd future when they were in thier prime
Where are the lyrics? 🙂
🔥
Is he really fucking retarded or is he just acting like this
Looked like django at 2:24 lol
his is literally my new favorite song.
Can someone please make a vocals only? Thanks!!!!
LOVE YOU PAPA FRANKU MY G SONG MADE IT MY RING TONE BECUZ IT WAS SEKSI
Music is music. And we appreciate this for what it is.
Dis shit fire bro
the bass go hard af
nothing like a good balanced meal of rice and cigarettes
Is it me.... or is this good.... I shouldn't be enjoying this.... but I am
You're weirdly hot, fuck me
"I'm here to be an act, not a role model." This actually really speaks out.
put this on soundcloud
wow frank be careful you almost burnt my house down with that fuckin fire
I like balls
damn hes a good cook.
hot
i fucking love this, why cant i find it on spoofy?
I'm a young orphan, and I can't stand all the other music that my generation play. I mean, these other two year olds don't have any taste in real music. I love Mr. Priest

Please like me
Good to know that Frank isn't gonna take stupid shit from his fans.
I hate black people 





JK its just a prank bro
when u realize frank looks like a weeb himself in real life
it makes me uncomfortable when he wears that pink suit
"Im here to be an act not a role model" i dont mind ^_^
what synthesizer do you use? (If it even is one.)
Good stuff man
nicee
I just sorta listen to this while walk around my house and do stuff, i actually like this song
That was so AMAZING that I had to watch it TWICE!
Frank is Dank
This is actually a sick ass beat. Something along the lines of ERB.
You are spitting too much fire. You might burn those おにぎりs. 




つーか、ジョージお前のおにぎりテクニックなんか変じゃね？
Lyrics?
Everyone who brought their inconvenient shit with them should shut the fuck up already. I don't understand why this shit is more controversial than it needs to be. Nothing's changed, really... FilthyFrank still uploads the same kind of stuff; and people still yapping about how sad they are on this channel. It's not your channel, if you don't like what you see, get the fuck out instead of complaining about the channel/video/fanbase like a spoiled child.
He makes great music, like he said music is music.
Broh, u are growing a Neckbeard!
give me your cummies dad
Papa franku when I first saw one of your episodes I was like WTF XD it was the kill yourself song. I was like WTF is up until I was like OK I subscribed and stuck with you. your a very a interesting channel and usually makes me laugh. keep up the work
earl
i was born in the wrong generation lol :P i guess
This song is so catchy, it's been stuck in my head for like a week, help
You got triggered by TheFandomMenace.
feels nice actually getting the references... or am i? orca ninjas?
Sad that no one's acctually listening to the lyrics.
still better than KSI
Sounded like something that OF would make specifically Tyler and Earl, Earl beat and Tyler on the mic.
Made on my birth day
We don't only eat rice. We also eat Pumba from the Lion King for Christmas.
Better than Meek Mill tbh
dank
Papa franku spittin that fire nobody else could ever get on their shit mixtapes
Just do you Boo Boo. 




Just don't stop posting or else I'll have to start cutting again...
He produced and rapped on this? Damn, he's really good!
Ughhhhh daddy this is fire uggghhhh 😩😩😩😩😩😂😂😂💯💯💯💯🔥🔥🔥🔥
私はシャワーでこれに私のディックを負かす事になります
Legend says that the pink guy who ravages the streets, settles down when making his meal and spits the hottest fire, then repeats the cycle...      - Morgan Freeman
Who else knew that he used the "let's all go to the lobby" sample when he first released this beat on the Pink Guy album?
Why the fuck do Joji fans even still exist Jesus Christ.
does papa franku actually smoke? just curious.
Make your songs available on iTunes
Man you need to clean that oven top.
Read a lot of the comments, honestly it's scary when some YouTubers get to a point where they can't really be.. well themselves really, when it gets to an extent that a person's (as someone said, twin personality) overtakes their actual image it's beyond too much. Whether or not there's a hidden meaning or some shit behind this song is besides the point, sometimes audiences need to realize that entertainers are human just like the rest of you. Damn, I came here just to enjoy and laugh at stupid shit but to read the comments.. makes me sad man.
Instrumental?????
I'd listen to him if he became a legit rapper with a label and stuff
his good
This is my music.
I'm a miracle spiritual lyrical individual...
Tojo called, he said he wished he would have keep the war going so the Americans would have dropped another bomb.
HOLY SHIT THIS NIGGA IS FILTHY AS FUCK
White version of Tyler the creator
smoking? good boy image gone :///
what even was this and why the fuck is he making rice
Man, it really wears people down to have a twin personality like that, holy shit.
Joji is actually a really good artist and those asking for him to make Joji music  he is,and I still can't believe he's been doing this for 9 years I've always loved his music and I'm happy he can still make music on this channel and on soundcloud it's amazing the person who is behind all these characters is actually really talented so for those being a bitch and asking for Joji music here it is.
1:13 holy shit I need this chill beat...
i'd really like to hear more music from him
i think that in this video he is 100% himself, the man behind filthy frank
He would become so successful as a rapper
U should collab with FrankJavCee for something musical niggo
fr right now this shit fire 🔥💯
where are the lyrichs?
I really dislike his videos that have other youtubers in it. I want his videos where he talks about a controversial topic and makes fun of it.
Legit good song
322
I would buy this on iTunes or any shitty remake.
we want real music
So this is basically a new ad for a new camera. Name the camera on demonstration please? Fkin beautiful.
Oh yeah, and nice song that goes with it. lol ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
you look cool with cigarette
h
meme
man this is amazing
frank is de baws
Yo Franku, checkout my mixtape. Checkout my soundcloud, bro :P
you should be a rapper Frank this shit on fire
Bad ass song fuck the haters.
pretty sick man
He smokes 😱
holy crap... daaamammmnnnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Frank is the "mental" in instrumental
that's actually pretty dope
Nice hippy glasses franku
Its too late, he made a mixtape, why filthy WHY! Now, I must put you down, I'm sorry but it must happen
PApa franke, u know the OGs want to hear more blessed bars pls
smoking is bad kids
My respect for Papa Franku has risen over level 9,000.
Lyrics m8's:
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
damn 50 shades of pink guy
ur kitchen looks clean
I keep cuming (back) to these sick rhymes
lob lob lob bby the best background track for a rap song iv ever heard - vlad approves
im one of his older fans.. I always jizz on his videos with my wife.
Papa pls stop smoking. You'll get addicted and die. PLEASE FATHER
Straight fucking fire
If he ever goes big with his music I hope he doesn't forget about us.
Every comment in every Filthy Frank video is from someone trying to be "edgier" than the other dudes.
never change
his voice is incredibly attractive
your house looks like a radioactive wasteland
this is real music
I want to try some of Pink Guy's food... He seems like an excellent... CHEF
where can I buy this song?
I want Pink guy to be my daddy ;)
Husband wanna fuck, but he gotta wait cause I'm watchin' Papa Franku
ur mixtape is fire m8
Donald Trump or Kanye for president?
He has a smexy voice,lol
You gotta give it to him, he makes catchy music
made me stop cutting
rap with jazzy paino riffs/parts is what i live for.
why cats? those vlogs were great. pls continue with Chloe Burbank though, it sounds great so far.
I would legit go to a concert if Papa ever decided to go on tour.
I want to clean your house
Is it weird that I actually really like this song? Lol
Don't care whether it's real music or not, whatever that means. I just want more of it :D
Can I get some lyrics?
someone give this fag a record label already!!! got dammwbsksjdh
so many edgy kids in the comments KIIIIILLLLLLL MEEEEE11!!1!!1!!111!1!1!!!
I've realized that you have a great head on your shoulders. You have the ability to do a lot of things that most people would never get close to doing. Kudos to you!
the white/asian tyler the creator. i love it
you know this dude is really asian when he makes rice in a saucepan and not a rice maker.
Just dont get caught by the police so you can make these.
Is this Frank's shitty mixtape he told us about?
Better than WettyFap
I know this wasn't  supposed to be a real rap song but fuck me in the ass, shit is fire.
Tyler is that you?
10/10 Tutorial, now i can make my own.
Didnt he hate people that do mixtapes?
my dad
LYRICS PLEASE
Dope beat bruh!
Let's start a new world record.

Help me choose!
1. Most amount of suicides by a single person. So far Only one!
2. Most amount of chromosomes lost while watching filthy frank.
3. Most gallons of bleach consumed in a single sitting. Aka Amanda Todd 2.0
so sick
2 edgey 4 me
i dont need a microwave
GEORGE MILLER I FUCKING KNO WHO U R MUDDA FUCKR IM COMING FOR UR ASS
I'm a music person, and I think this is genuinely pretty cool. Reminds me of Earl Sweatshirt's song "Whoa".
"WhatEverTheFuckYouWannaCallMe" is the most multi-talented person on the internet.
2:23 when you blaze weed m9
what are you, some sort of faggot?
This is fucking fire 🔥🔥 I've been listening to this song on repeat XDD
love you pick omega, you real nigga~
The more subscribers Frank gets; the more fucking cancerous his fan-base gets.
1.25 speed and be happy
Hero. Never stop doing you, man.
I feel that at 2:37 we get a glimpse of the real man behind FilthyFrank, which I love.
Gotta be one of his best songs
1:24 - 1:35 is good
That's a Filthy House
papa can you stick that cigarette down my dick
you remind me of tyler the creator
BrRRRRRRR
fuking dank
song download?
Joji's flow reminds me of Mac Miller. Post-WMWTSO Mac Miller though.
Damn papa franku dat gotee sexy
This was amaze.

tenk u papa
Filthy Frank has become pretty degenerate since he started smoking cigarettes.
This is seriously really fucking good
cook meth next
God, have I been living under a fucking rock? This shitty autistic fanbase is more cancerous than ever but still papa franku still makes the effort to put out decent videos.
▉▉▉▉▉▉◤┳◥▉▉▉▉▉▉ You have been visited by the Loomyparty. 
▉▉▉▉▉◤┳┻┳◥▉▉▉▉▉Copy and paste this on the Comments of the  
▉▉▉▉◤┳┻┳┻┳◥▉▉▉▉ Epic music you Hear 
▉▉▉◤┳━┳━┳━┳◥▉▉▉  
▉▉◤┳┃┈╰━╯┈┃┳◥▉▉  
▉◤┳┻╰━━━━━╯┻┳◥▉  
◤┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳┻┳◥
Anyone know where to get the beat at 1:11? It's too sick!
R E A L M U S I C 
P I N K G U Y / O M E G A
better than KSI raps xDDD
Top 10 anime theme songs
quit being a bitch, do your thang baby.
What is the meaning of the video
What is the meaning of the video
cmon frank ure the pink guy ure the boss maaaan ust come back with us
is he rapping this himself
That base instrument is a baritone sax
HEY MOM I'M JAPANESE NOW, OKAY ?!
sick beat !
>Living in Japan
>Drinking Stella Artois instead of Sapporo
Franku I am disappointing
so much better than KSI and you dont even try xD
Saw people arguing if Franku is a good raper - you see those bling bling n-word singin bout getin pussy around the world, then u look at pink dude who makes his own beat, write his werses, and sound f-word amazing, aheet i would pay to go wherever he gona pervform to see it live and fap my d-word till i die. go on Franku! piss!
filthy frank x tyler tha creator
is this real?
I don't even like rap, but this is pretty good.
we want real music we want joji MUSIC
I wanna come play papafranku
I just jacked off 3 times in a row to this.
Tbh frank imma fuck you hard
does he really smoke?
fire
m8
WHEN U AND K DOT SHIT DROP?
Sick shit.
Dude you should be a producer for like Tyler the creator he would like pimp your beats...
Papafranku for president 2020
filthy frank tour, make it happen
if Tyler the creator and frank got together shit would go down
we want joji music
Where's the instrumental, papa?
what camera does he use?
Why dont you use a rice cooker
I love this
I love this
i wish i sounded like Joji
wheres PinkOmega
his chinny chin chin :D
Pink Guy + Tyler the Creator = best ironic music bomb ever made...
Da fuck are we waiting for? Bring Wolf's ass down here and start the nukin' yall
Honestly preach it, you're completely right about everyone who divides silly shit and serious shit, just mix it together for a nice melting pot of filthy fucking frank. Music is music, comedy is comedy, but art is fucking art.
When's your mixtape gunna drop Frank?
I have learned to cook from his music videos
The fact that Joji isn't famous for his music amazes me, shits 🔥
Instrumental pls?
I bet he's being honest
" I act retarded on stage then put my finger's in pusses, like uh "
This is so similar to Tyler, The Creator. I'm kinda digging this.
you the best
Frank your music is actually fucking good.
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
           Who's      watching   This  In    JANUARY    2016?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
nice jelly-filled donuts Franku
Frank is so fucking hot
odd future sound
great song!
dayum papa a pro
When is this going to be on iTunes?
+1 sub
u god bro
rice b0ss
download pls b0ss
lol, this came out on my birthday
I just want you too know this is a fucking mas t er piece imo
This doesn't surprise me papa franku
What's the point in this song, not hating just really ignorant. lmao.
i would pay 200 to see you live no joke
Do you have a pusi lair? There must be a way you come up with this music.
I'm a 17 year old who enjoys listening to filthy frank rap
Fucking Christ...
the part of beat that comes in when he starts his first verse is the same beat he used in the intro of rat chef when he was showing the pigeon isn't it?
THIS SHIT IS ACTUALLY HOT WHAT THE FUCK
nice!! but I want to clean your apartment >.<
yesterday...

i made some riceballs ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
he looks so much like leonard from the big bang theory haha
Haha I loved this, I want to buy it
suicide is a solution
i watch porn on my 3ds
this has a bit of a Tyler vibe to it
Idiots still don't realise the meaning of this song do they? 
HE'S FUCKING SICK OF THE RETATDED ASSHOLES RUINING HIS YOUTUBE CHANNEL!!!
Listen to the lyrics you retarded 4Chan fuckers!
fucking legend
This one has to be my favorite so far though.
To be honest, I'd pay for a serious rap album by Frank.

Good beats.

Smooth flow.

And a voice to match.
It's funny; You act as if being serious, and not being whatever these heavy breathing douche bags from 4chan tell you to be, is impossible. Your content used to be funny as shit, and creative. Now? It's as if you only do shit that'll give 4channers a hard-on. I saw your personal video, the one you had to take down thanks to your " fans "? I hope you're doing alright, considering you're not even aloud to say if you or aren't. I honestly feel bad for you, because you don't get any breathing space. If you were to have a facebook profile JUST for family and friends? People like your " fans " would stalk you down, and fuck everything up. You'd probably be fucking amazing at making serious shit, but i'll guess we'll never know. You have talent, that you'd rather exploit by making 13-17 year old boys giggle about, than use it on things you'd actually genuinely enjoy. Again, might as well just ditch " FilthyFrank ", and call yourself " Papa 4chan ". Because that's all you are, now. How old are you now? 21? 22? Great path ahead of you, man. Really.
Is this what 2016 is gonna be like? OMG amazing
For real, Filthy Frank, George, Pink Guy/omega, whatever bruh wants to call himself, dude has hella talent. A style all his own. Oddly enough, some of his shit reminds me of MF DOOM. Ill asf.
What is the meaning about the video?
filthy frank makein some fire ass beats!
low key kinda lit
Why won't people give him his own tv show! To me he is more funny than Family Guy!
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good song!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  
─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────
this is so lit oh my god ur on some tyler the creator shit fam
merry marry me franku papu
u rilly shudnt smok frank ets bed 4 ur lunks man. I tink u shud kuit cuz i tink u r a kool persin an i don wan 2 c u di yung
My jam tho
loved it haha.
franku notice me senpai!?! Ive been here for years, 3 years now, biggest fan. I am a weeaboo but will become a not weeaboo because I've never been a weeaboo before because I know how you are so never to still see of the end
Woah is that Joji Vlogs?
is it just me or does joji look like Matt Murdoch in daredevil netflix lol
duuuude this is fire and the beat is A1
..theres always meaning behind these shit videos of yours.
Damn Frank. Love the new shit mate. 8/8 its better than the old.
Yo man it would sick if you released this beat.
The only balls I would touch from frank (except his other balls)
sounds like something tyler would make
I've watched this so many times that my brain is made out of Rice Balls.
I love how this guy gets more views than Drake
another good rap George
another good rap George
English. Sorry for my Hi.
Resipee not clear enouf, riece ball stuk in penis.
*ovaries destroyed*
What is up with this bass?!?!?!
If you like Pink Guy's style, check out Cool Calm Pete.

They're VERY similar. Dope punchlines and dope beats.
JOJI ON FIRE. :D
DAMN.
THATS THE CLOTHES WHAT HE USED IN THE FIRST HARLEM SHAKE ON THE WORLD!!
His fanbase is filled with a bunch of autistic memesters that really don't understand what he is going through in his real life one of the reason he took down that video of him being himself because he probably knows his fanbase wouldn't understand what his is trying to say because they only come here to see him do completely weird shit which is fine but when they see change they instantly go "Fuck this Faggot go kill yourself" bunch of fucking inbreds.
..... a tutorial on a delicious recipe while making a funny music video. So you get two vids in one. Thanks tvfilthyfrank!
your songs are fucking awesome
this shit  is the shit like your shitty aparment lowkey jealous
what does he use to make the beats?
I like this, just disliking for thousandth dislike
Thank you for the tutorial on making rice balls. Mine turned out pretty good
Rice and tuna
LOB LOB LOB LOBBY
dude that interlude was so good.
give me rice balls please
Do what you want man, everything u do is genius, don't Kurt yourself
dope beat
unbelievable, there're no UK kids comments flaming frank 4 saying soccer, deffinetly, ur a god
Who els thinks his voice is funny?
XD
where's the lyrics u cunt?
yo i bought your album for a dollar on bandcamp
Your welcome <3
This song is so good I don't even know. It has sick beat, some great rapping and it's basically an ear worm. I love this shit
It's focked bra
And I like it🖕🏻😶
In the memetime...
i fucking love this shit anime
the next music should be Filthy God
at making the vids but not life
he is awesome
stup up- don't listen to him frank
i'll fuck u with the radiator pipe nyes
joji the best
I've noticed that lately, since his first attempt to make it on to the show and into the FF universe as himself, Joji has been using other channels such as TheNeedleDrop and MaxMoeFoe to show his real person to YouTube instead of FilthyFrank. Which I think is a great idea; he shouldn't feel like he has to totally hide himself from the public and appear on other channels only in character. If he's doing something with Max or iDubbz or something, he's Joji, and not Frank, and it's annoying as fuck when you see people commenting "ey b0ss" and shit on videos he's in with other people as himself.
I actually like this alot
this song actually has a really good beat
His word flow still amazes me. Dude knows music.
Was that B-MO?
I need an instrumental
RIP David Bowie.
HOLY SSSSHHHHHHHHHHIIIT 60FPS
Idubbbz is racist as fuck...
My entire life is a prank
Is his a hint at a new pink guy album
You can straight up see his dick
onigiri! Son!
I bet that apartment smells RANK.
FUCK IT UP JOJI YESSSS your voice is actually super soothing to my ears, thIs is amazing!!
When filthy frank is just exposing the shit side of media. That's why it's ass to show it. Baws
I was watching this vid and forgot to wipe my ass in the bathroom
Anime is cancer
rice balls? dont you mean jelly filled donuts?
ey b0ss u shold chek out dis chenel nicholad10 b0ss <3
NO HE CAUGHT THE INTERNET RAPPER DIESEASE
Make more dope ass music
SUCK. ME. DRY.
if you listened  to the lyrics it's deep asf
Be a middle class straight white Christian male. Or fuck you and our rice balls.
joji pls no
frank are you fucking gay?
Frank, keep those sunglasses. You look bitchin' in 'em.
The one channel with active subs
Camera?
this is real music, none of that gay Bieber and Dubshit.
bruh u r the best
I wanna here your teal voice
is it just me or does this sound like it could be a Tyler the Creator song?¿
Why do you smoke
hey frank just want to say your production skills are really good, i listen to a lot of edm and i have to say, this beat is sick!!
Fake and gay.
Why you change the title? Feeling insecure about your choices?
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
john lennon aint dead...
fucking love filthy frank
we want real music we want joji music uawaaaa
I need it in my spotify play list!!
Download link??
I think when Frank raps that is his real voice
I want the link to this song
#PapaFrankuDidChernobyl
Oh so you're fighting my dad in the parking lot huh?
He's better then slim Jesus
[Lyrics]:
[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
You should hit up Tyler the creator, you guys are similar
also whens the sacrafice at
aw fuck my grammer
dear franku sama can u teach me tp be filthy just like u mate my filth game be dank but i want legendary filth status just how you do it my nigga
these are some mad rhymes you should get a record deal this is fire🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sick beat
Heated
Everything in the channel is joji music, no matter if it's performed by Franku, Pink Guy, Santa's Brother etc. Because he made em
papa i wuuuv uuu
This is my next ringtone!
sounds like odd future, i like it
so much wolf gang

dopeboy
Petition for Filthy Frank world Tour: https://www.change.org/p/tvfilthyfrank-papa-franku-world-tour?recruiter=459675034&utm_source=share_for_starters&utm_medium=copyLink
decent producing and if you made serious lyrics i think people would listen to your music (if you made music), good work on this song too
Your beautiful Joji, keep doing what your doing ok man.
FilthyFrank: Actually my favorite rapper.
lets all go to the lobby!  mommy i wanna go to the lobby! no you cant go to the lobby! FUCK YOU MOM I'M GOING!!
Danker than that good kush
3:20 I wish Pink Guy threw that out the window, and franku was sitting under it on a bench thingy to get da pu$$1
You really need to put this on Spotify
Almost sounds like Tyler the Creator
Papu franku is in tha house bitches
This made me cringe
Frank plz fuck me with a radiator pip
100k likes and less than 1000 dislikes ur a fuckin legend
i want an instrumental. now.
So what, are you a wannabe rapper now?
Those should be your new glasses that you wear relatively often.
The D is silent.
the fuck did i just watch??
This is fucking amazing.
I finally decided I'm going to kill my self my life is shit, George. Thanks for making my life a little better while I had it. This song will be playing. When it ends I will kick the chair from under my feet.
Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
Let's all go to the rice fields.
I am proud to say that I was one of the first cancerous cells to spread this cancer through the Internet :D <3 FRANKU
what is this crimson peak 1:52
this video is triggering me
I don't care if its pink guy or Joji just put out more music! I need all your music in my life!
This shit hot homie.
instrumental please, this shit is good
What mic does he use to record? Or can anyone recommend one?
Better than ksi
Am I the only one who wonders why the dislikes have been the same for 2 weeks?
My headphones shake every time I hear this song
Mixtape  Fire on hotter fire ♨🔥🔥🔥🔥
Papa Franku got bars
When is 'Pink Guy vol 2'?
why is this song fcking amazing?
wat kind of music is that. its dope
Tour with Tyler or Young Thug
Real af. Keep at it, you magnificent cunt.
Genius as usual. Sick intro too.
Tyler, The Creator - Tamale
Big balls.
10 hour version plez
Wait a minute wait a minute, cut that shit. When did Tyler turn white?
The fucking bass is dope af
Damn Frank you are good at it.
this is to the dumb fucks who refuse to get our humor.
i think u are too
frank,i'm a pusilover!
This is my favorite Pink Guy rap.
wow.. this is dope...
WHEN WILL YOU FUCKERS COME TO GREECE!?
i want to meet you, dad...
This song is so orgasmic.
This song is so orgasmic.
this song is so orgasmic
this song is so orgasmic
one of my favourite channels by far bro! fuck haters❤
lowkey his rapping & beat are dope asf.
Papa franku senpai here I was expecting some depraved shit to tug my Tommy to and you actually post this glorious piece. The beat is bomb MOAR PLS
Hot damn, marry me
that voice
That beat is so nice is there an instrumental somewhere?
The beat sounds as if Tyler the creator made it.
hey, ik you probably won't answer this but can u upload or sell the beat, you're actually I pretty good producer
Thats, pretty goood.
Evidence FilthyFrank has actual talent.
where's the lyric video
still better than Kilimanjaro
I want the beat :P
This sounds like he listens to Tyler
https://www.change.org/p/filthy-frank-with-lord-chin-chin-s-approval-salamander-man-pink-guy-that-black-dude-who-shows-up-once-in-a-while-yeah-that-guys-cool-he-can-tag-along-too-filthy-frank-world-tour?recruiter=464863066&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=copylink
thanks pink papa
Cooking with pink guy
holy shit, he's buff as fuck now
1:11 sounds like Analog 2 - Odd Future. Actually this whole song sounds like OF.
You smoke ?!? You just lost all respect for me.
where is they itunsese plz bouss.
@##@damn this is a dank beat
~~~~
I try to get my friends to listen to this but they can't get through one minute before changing it
This is kind of dope
I find it pretty odd that there are so many comments saying "OMFG SU SAD BRING JOJIVLOGS BACK WE WANT DE REEL JOJI PL0X DA FANBAAS SUXXX!!!!!11"

He specifically makes fun of the fags that beg for Joji. The comments you guys type talk about Joji like he's suicidal, saying "itz so sed how da fanz supres joji". He isn't pressured into these characters, he fucking loves it. The only thing that annoys him are the faggots that are dangerously obsessed with his personal life.
Why is Kripparrian  on this channel?
Your real voice sounds so good when you're rapping
1:12 Denfitly my life explained in a filthy frank song
He's a in a different kitchen. He must of finally got kicked out of his apartment. I would of joined him and snorted line of Ajax just like his mini pony.
This guy is seriously a genius subscribing to him was the best decision of my entire life
Jojis production is god tier...
flames...
Papa Franku's mix tape is fire
this bass do
does he actually smoke though?
Since when did PinkGuy have a neckbeard?
Oh yeah fucking rice balls. Still not better than pussy boss.
new pink guy album 2016?
Bring back johnsonblos!
I found this instruction video pretty usefull. 9/10
damn almost 100k likes
Bruh I love how his apartment is just as gross and cramped and nasty as his characters. Adds to the authenticity of the whole FF universe if you get me.
this legit sounds good hahaha
this cinematography is pretty fucking cool
cum to brazil
somebody sign this man!
THANK YOU FRANK ! just made this in my family gathering..they LOVED it....well, untill grandma found tabacco in her ball
1:11 That actually sounds sooo banging. O_O Frankuuuu ~ Seriously though, fav part. Someone loop that :D
this shit to dank I had to download the song good shit bro 👌
sound like tyler the creator/OF
dude this was fucking amazing
fire
This bumps in the whip
Dude you're cool I'm gonna go learn step by step how to make good rice balls because of this video jk lol
when does it come out on spotify fam? 🔥🔥🔥🔥
☻/ This is bob. Copy and paste him so he can take over youtube.
/▌
/\
Fuck JojiVlogs, bring back Tempura Boys!!
ive been told this is depressing
Im gonna bang this in my car
Tyler the creator much?
INSTRUMENTAL VERSION PREASE!
your a slimy kkkunt n u need 2 go a head n kil l urself b5 u spred your filthy cancerous bullshit to the rest of the new generation. if world war 3 starts I garentee u wil be the cause becaus u r a slim shifty.
This is actually pretty good
What happened to george
What is the tempo on this beat?
That's pretty gay mate.
its cool that you even produce your own beats. when I first saw your videos I would have never known you were so talented
Love the song man.
Franks apartment sucks dick. Poor ass motherfucker
Have to admit that this is a pretty sick beat.
I don't mean to be THAT guy, but I think at least a few people who say they want "real" music mean that they want music focusing on more serious topics rather than funny music. I personally don't give a shit either way, I like anything Frank puts out, really. I do also think those who think that this isn't "real" music are fucking retarded, real talk, this shit is fire.
Sooo when does this come out on vinyl?
I can fap to this
this is actually not bad
Damn the filthy frank channel has attracted a lot of normies.
has a tyler, the creator vibe
WE WANT A PINK GUY/PAPA  FRANKU WORLD TOUR!!!
I'm glad that he finally made a song with the "bleep blop" beat. This is one of my favourites.
I love you franku <3
Does Franky actually smoke, or does he just do it for his videos?
wasted talent??
"I'm here to be an act, not a role model"- the point of this song, don't take fithy Frank seriously.
SO NOW YOU ARE AN INTERNET RAPPER
O  u made my recipe ?
divinely!!!!
there is no difference between real music and fake music. stop annoying joji and let him do what he fucking wants to do
OMG, I CAN'T FUCKING STOP WATCHING THIS VIDEO
KEEP UP WITH THE GOOD WORK FRANK!
thank you this was very educational! making rice balls right now!
nipples.
Filthy, come to Rio
Remix contest pls
So Pink Omega is Pink guy now? And also dead? D: I liked Pink Omega, it was like an extension of music for him.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
bro hurry up and get your degree so you can get a real job and move out of that nasty apartment
Make an Instrumental version plz b0ss
Does papa actually smoke? or is he just doing it as an act for the video
Nice Camera.
Amazing artists in this decade:

Ariana Grande
Nicki Minaj
Drake

Harry Stiles
Iggy Azalea
Selena Gomez

Ne-Yo
A$AP Rocky
Meek Mill
Ed Sheeran

Imagine Dragons
Sam Smith

Justin Bieber
Omarion
Halsey
Nick Jonas

Chris Brown
Ellie Goulding
Nelly
Adele

JUST KIDDING! Read the first letter in each word and the true hero will appear outta nowhere
this is so much better than ksi's music video
what midi controller u using there frank. korg?
people call this cancer. I call this the next mozart.
"I don't need a microwave"
What you need is someone who can clean that sh*t up.
Tyler the creator needs to be on this track
wow shit's FUCKING FIRE
Why did ya change the title name?
who actually liked the song ?
Cool gaming setup
I'm feelin that beat doe...
hes probably my favorite youtuber lol filthy and his friends are the coolest
Are you high?
pink guy is really badass in this song
oooooooo nigga
Lyrical spiritual lyrical lyrical
Holy shit the first part is glorious
When is the Pink Guy EP ll dropping
He sounds like blue scholrs whoever that is
If you're enjoying this cancer then check out my tumor channel
Nah. Excuse my bluntness, im a few beers in. If your post is truly a reflection of your adult views, then you are a fool. Of course everything seemed better in your childhood/adolescent innocence, you didn't know anything about the world. You grew up a bit, and you lost that innocence. That's why, comparatively, everything seems worse now than it was in 2006. You're growing up and confronting reality with a more mature and realistic minset, your brain is more developed too. The universe didn't suddenly decide to get shitty, that's silly. The world isn't any shittier now than its always been. You're just smarter than you were before but evidently, not self aware enough to realize that.
Papa Franku has inspired me to shoot up my school 😌😘
There is a meaningful message in this rap but i cant put my finger on it
filthy frank needs a record label.  he is a amazing rapper.
When are you going to make a Spotify album?
Seriously, this is good shit xD
Man, you have a talent for rapping, but u waste it on wierd stuff XD
Refreshing to hear Frank's admin's voice <33
8 more facts or the world of tumor will be free
Cinematography looks nice.
This is actually artistic.  But it's still so fucking absurd.  "Who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary video at the same time?" wtf i love this.
Damn frank be a pimp bro He gets like 1 million views per vid that's hella money
The realist song of the fucking century.
se vc um dia vc fazer um cd pode ter ctz q irei baixar
dude where do u get this beat
Your music is fucking revolutions
holy fuck that bass tho
filthy Frank's rapping is like, Tyler the Creator. except he doesn't fucking blow.
moi
This beat goes hard
everyday I realize how much sense it makes that frank is part japanese
1:30 bmo... is that you?
Pink Guy has bars like a prison cell.
I love this guy
Bruh this is spooky as fuck
"Fuck boiis treat my dick like a trampoline" 😂😂🔥🔥
I don't need a rice cooker with this song. Another one Papa.
Glad to know my comment on ig had a part with the song 😂😂 " do real rap " 🙏🏾
At it again
Tbh he's actually a good rapper
Reminder to all Filthy Frank haters
He feeds off of your comments
He lives off of them
He even makes youtube videos of them
Your raps are so fire like Make another album
this guys house...
Is there a possible way for a new alblum?
I like the part where u bashed on "joji music" fans
Make a mix tape on your sound cloud, call it, "Straight Rice Ball"
papa frank never disappoints
Bars
I've listened to this everyday... Wasting my life correctly
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good song!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  
─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────
you should consider this as a legit career.
After this video he got cancer for eating cigarettes
FilthyFrank please stop smoking we need you to last longer.
Do it for us. Please Senpai.
SOMEBODY FINALLY SAID IT 2:42
He has a good taste in beer Stella Artois
sick ass track filthy frank...multi talented guy u are !!
i like the habit he has of playing an excerpt of the sample for the beat comes in
why can't I stop watching this
+TVFilthyFrank what do you use to make music like this?
this song was so straight it turned me straight...then i realize im still a gay faggot
JOJI CUM BACK
This is why I love 30's music I bet hitler personally sponsored this video, was born in the wrong generation I wanna go back to the 1880's to 1830's so the slaves can clean my shoes.
fuck you pewdipie is my god
Porsche did 9/11
(☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞Filthy Franks Fire From The Land Japan(☞ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)☞
@2:30

frank's reply to those faggots on complaining "real music" and more pink omega dank raps
Filthy Ramsay
Wow, so George is self-aware. Good to know.
this is good
please put this song on iTunes
can i get this on itunes?
I'm pretty sure half of these views are because of me and I don't know why
Papa I see wet wipes. this is why ur my step daddy papa.
Lol what even is this XD nice one frank
Real voice.
this is legit fier pls mur.
Basicly a giant fuck you to franks viewers.
no but for real joji music is sweg
make some more! this is gold.
Breathing more cush in than the seat got........ FUCKING FIRE!
Where have you been in my life, this guys fucking a legend.
I'm only a newly formed diploid zygote and I wished everyone other zygote could appreciate this kind of music. This generation suxxxxxx
Using Ableton to make music. "*click* nice"
What's the name of this anime?
fuck me sideways this is amazing
Love the songs man! Do what you love, just be yourself....that's why we're all here 😁
Collab with Lil Dicky...
fuckin sick dude
what is name song
This shit is actually good the fuck
sounds like odd future
spiritual miracle lyrical individual
Noice
HE is inspirational
gg
Dude this shit is dope af
Just like Obama became president to promote his mixtapes George Miller became a shitty youtuber to promote his.
steam name: Priest of Chin Chin so im a worshiper
ITS BACK!!!!
Wtf this isn't a chinchin sacrafice
i learn something from flithy frank! 

I learn how to make riceballs!
I can't tell if Frank moved to a new apartment or if he's just finally starting to film in the other rooms of it
Hottest mixtape coming out soon from him soon
A master piece :0
mane instrumentals pls
This is amazing, getting a Tyler vibe off of this
this is lowkey lit af
filthy frank can be my daddy
This shy is turnt
I like it
The part at the end was unnecessary
You Spit the fire
This is better than Star Wars
Also Maxmoefoe dies in Resevoir Dogs
joji makes the best music. wtf you guys talkin about "this is fake music we want the real shit" fuck of nigga
"Holy shit, I have those exact same blue John Lennon glasses..."

-Somebody important, 2016
Don't ever change you pink cunt. <3
2:30 I DONT NEED A MICROWAVE
That was great, I like the slow boiling but aggressive delivery, the beat's catchy, and the visuals are crisp
When you live in Chernobyl but you still need to put out a rap video
You fucking genius man!! You make you own beat and you make a lyrics, and you sing (or rap) you fucking cool af dude, keep going <3
joji ples
this track is fire
Frank I luv you.
Spiracle Lyrical Miracle #BuyHisMixTape #Frank2k16
This is life 😂💀😈
SAVAGE AF
kill yourself
"I made this beat a while back but I had to spice it up and make it into a track (prod. me)" wut this sounds almost exactly like Chum by Earl Sweatshirt :P
keep the beard looks good
Frank i love you, every video, every gay action you do, you make me happy, everyday you make my day, i watch all your videos, i keep watching them and laughing on them, and when a new video comes out, i stop doing what i am doing and i watch it, once i watched one when i was at school, my teacher didn't catch me, i hope you keep doing videos forever, you are my life frank :'D
When will you be on Spotify bro ?
low-key fire
Earl Sweatshirt - Chum 
anyone? ;D
What the fuck, this is really good?
oh god..
Love ya George <3
these reminds me of tyler the creator
THIS IS TOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I EAT RICE ALL THE TIME AND HONEY CHICKEN BALLS
I like how there's only 946 dislikes on this video and is like 96k likes
Baws plz
dank AF
The only people I can imagine wanting to watch Joji are faggots. I come to this channel for the comedy, not get off to this guy. He can keep his personal shit, personal.
sign. this. shit. https://www.change.org/p/tvfilthyfrank-papa-franku-world-tour?tk=WQhQSMrjWh8nNZP8clUJZpRO4cNQ__-PBD9W5qYbI4Q&utm_medium=email&utm_source=signature_receipt&utm_campaign=new_signature
Does anybody have any idea what program he uses to make those beats?
We want Joji music! 😭
I love it bb
Bitch you better hook up with what's left of Odd Future
Surprisingly good!!
Got tired of the cancerous Shouji fanbase
That beat goes harder than the nuke did on Japan
new mixtape when?
I can't stop listening to this song
So fucking good
I love a good pink guys rap. Pink guy is the best rapper ever.
I see Frank has mastered the Asian Django look.
OH MY GOD 1080p60fps SWEET JESUS ITS BEAUTIFUL
damn that whole second verse was deep and sad as shit
What program do you use to make these dank fucking beats, Franku?
PLEASE GO ON SPOTIFY PLEASE U R LIKE THE COOLEST DUDE EVER MAN.
Don't smoke
This beat is just really hardcore
Please release an instrumental. This beat is unreal.
Yo frank that fucking beat and Verse at 1:12- 1:35 is just fucking flames bro keep doing Wat you doing bro
Frank has a legit voice and beats, ever considered slim studios lmao
666 views he's.... EVIL
Will your mouth still remember the taste of deez nuts?
I've heard this like 50 times. well 51. 52 here I come!
What equipment do you use to make your stuff, looks like you have a drum machine and a keyboard with a mac...what daw?
60fps of pure genius
PINK OMEGA! BREAK THE INTERNET!
bibibibilada
Am I the only one that thinks this is actually really good?
I love Joji raps reel musiks
This is highkey fire
LETS ALL GOTO THE LOBBY
crotch... >.<
Is it just me or does he remind you of tyler the creator type old music
Start a #filthyfrankworldtour trend
When frank is a better rapper and composer than majority of today's mainstream hip-hop artists.
you should put this on Spotify
Oh god now its on 60 fps to see the filth more clearly
some good ass shit
He is just as good as Tyler the creator
Parts of the beat kinda sound like jdilla - feel this shit.
Funny how hes better than most of the mainstream rappers
You need to make more videos in 720p60 FRANKUUUU
1:13 reminds me of Tyler
1:34 how tf those bottles didnt break?
This is actually fucking fire
im kinda confused... pink guy isn't frank right?
0:25 you can see the rest of the riceball senpai throws at the end of the video xD
Am I the only one that enjoys franks music? I know it's dumb but it acc sounds aight.
George4lyfe
YES
How did he make this? Like how can I do that stuff with the audio
When you're looking for advices about making rice balls in YouTube and this comes first. Pink suited asian guy in a bathtub smoking cig and playing keyboard. Neat!
that slo mo takes it to the next level.
Lets all go to the lobby
them beats though
I need these instrumentals..
I'm starting to worry about jojis health since he's been doing kush and smoking
So is this like Frank's real voice and the one he does in other videos is exaggerated?
I love you frank/pink omega.
got me hungry for riceballs
L I T ? 🔥
what software do you use?
make more like this papa
im just chillin making rice balls errday
THIS IS MY SHIT, THIS IS SO FUCKING SICK, I CAN'T STOP LISTENING TO THIS. FUCK
This is actually a good beat just ignore the lyrics XD
why aint this on Spotify or iTunes?
i bet yur deposit is pretty much gone. gg aperment
This is one of the first of his videos i watch...
doesn't make sense and I like it
who watch in 2016 lmao smash dat liek button real nigga year
Let's all go to the lobby ~
Good job for drinking a Belgian beer!
This is fucking dope to be honest
Nice song man :D
Fire
Dame son
serious talk though the beat is fucking dope
The only musical artist that saved 2015 from being the worst year for music
franku = traphouse god
What did you use for the music setup?
ur such a dad
You look like Rufus from Kim Possible with the pink suit and sunglasses.
Anyways..... 1 more sub >)
Filthy frank crushed my dreams
best song ever...wow!!!
you gotta do note pink guy raps! those are the best
This is Frank's second Chanel is his first is TooDamnFilthy
pink guys boutta drop the hottest mixtape of 2016
if frank just focused on music he would be a very successful
need to see pink guy live
fucking epic.
The opening made me think of Woody Allen for some reason.
well ima go make some riceballs
It's good in some weird way
Hey, that's pretty good!
fuckin real shit going on here
so much fuckin suicide hip hop lately
Best song 2015
how the fuck do I get this instrumental frank
More. Rate it 6/5
when my mom walked in i switched to porn because it was easier to explain
Thanks Frank.. for teaching us how to cook Japanese rice balls
C R I N G E
That was a filthy beat b0ss. Shit dropped harder than the life alert bitch.
bruh you are actually really good
This beat is so fucking sick.
Frank i have  a question,have you ever got laid?
when is it getting on spotify m8?
yo i get that ur just in this for publicity, but ur alright at rapping and making beats, u could probably make alot of views. 
And keep the video the same. At least u could say its art. Not sick stuff like eating pubic hair inna cake..
small dick lol
+1 to that cinematography Franku
No point in keeping your fetishes a secret anymore. Share with me my children.
1:08-1:30
Franks actually needs to do concerts. Fuck, I'd go man
Do you actually smoke Frank?
Papa Franku/Pink Guy how'd you learn to make beats, and how could a guy learn?
this is a very good cooking tutorial
earlsweat shirt feel
I wish i could make riceballs Filthy Frank style
This is some great tongue-in-cheek shit.  
Your apartment gross af though.
fuckin lit
Frank do u make your own beats???
You belong in odd future
I have a feeling you actually smoke lol
Thanks b0ss <3
this music is sick tho
I sense a chance the rapper collab
Lowkey Fire..¿
Where the fuck do u live? Chernobyl
Look up rice balls and you'll see that this has the most views and the most recent upload date
pirating
i fuckin love filthy frank theres just no better way to say it
Damn franks beats fire
Yo this song was really good. Keep up the great work frank!
Every single time I watch a Filthy Frank vid I feel like I need a shower.
You need a rice cooker tbh
I was born in the wrong generation. Like even though he's messing around it STILL sounds better then what stupid 17 year olds listen too this day and age. LOL
an original YouTuber. actual comedy, fire lyrics bro
Oh shit the song from PINK GUY DANCE that was made 3 years ago nice
Where did you get the production value to make this? Cause this shit not only sounds boss like it always does, but the video quality is really top notch.
Why did I feel a Logic sort of vibe??
Reminds me of Tyler the creator 😂
lmao these instrumentals are like every logic song ever
I'M 25 and I LIKE THIS MUSIC, SAYS A LOT ABOUT MY GENERATION HUH?!
pink omeguy has filthy feet
this needs to be on i tunes NOW!!!
Video quality keeps getting better bruh
the description is true, thanks papa franku for being that classic og dizasta music type shit y'know what I'm sayin'?
I had a dream that filthy frank made a video where he goes to his high school reunion and his high school is a dimension that's  basically a sterotypical high school with sterotypical fag kids but frank goes on the wrong day and  ends up doing a whole day of high school  so I tried looking for that video but found this lol
is this his real voice?
Now i'm actually worried about George Miller 100% after watching his videos of his ego...
aw yis
We want joji music XD .... idk why i find myself repeating that part but its pretty funny
Keep up the good work frank and keep doin what your doin :-)
That's some real music right there, Pink Guy.
better beat than most rap
Hey i wont lie... I enjoyed Joji's old music... a lot.... But i love this to... Do i want to here Jojis sweet, sweet beats yes... But im not going to beg... Pink Guy and Frank and George are amazing artists whether hes rapping or making pld beats so... Thank you for coming out with these really good tracks (Fried rice, Ramen, and this) And thank you for what youve given us in the past... Dp whatever your f-ed up heart desires dude...
WHERE IS THE DOWNLOAD LINK? PLEASE DADDYA
New jam
I wonder how dirty his house gets after he makes a video
He should release another pink guy album this summer
*goes to share video 


*remembers phone deleted contacts


Fuck
i want an instrumental
Full album when?
Dat beat doe
Wassup George
FUCK YOU PAPA I ENJOYED YOUR VIDEO AS ALWAYS XOXO
This beat is fucking sick o.o teach me your ways daddy.
Is it weird that I love this xD
this is the second video I have watched on this channel! someone tell me what the fuck this is
why is his voice so good?
Thanks a lot. I had to go make rice balls because of you.
PAPA FRANKU! GIBE US DA INSTRUMENTAL PLZ
Can't wait for the second album papa Franku!
PLEASE HAVE A DOWNLOAD FOR THIS
PUT YOUR MUSIC ON SPOTIFY PLEASE
filthy Frank I love you. you are my savior
Fuckin lit.
please make a real song
I'LL FUCK YOU WITH A RADIATOR PIPE
Is this beat from the "PINK GUY DANCE" video? It sounds literally the same.
fuckimg love ya frank. you can spit some fire and make me laugh at the same time. keep doing you filthy boo
filthy fire mang
MOMMA? I'm at the bad Corner of YouTube again. :c
that 60fps tho
watched this again and sorry for all the 10 year old fans but im gonna SAY IT........better than ksi keep it up
♥
love me??
That shit was dope
Still better than Ksi
instrumental please?
ey b0ss when you touring man, come to belgium if you'd ever do, even tho' nobody gives a shit about belgium let's be honest :v
the lost  member of Odd Future
This is a fucking tune
I LOVE THIS
Fuck me with a radiator pipe!
This is filmed better than most music videos.
Thanks for the how to make Onigiri video, frank. I've been looking for a proper tutorial video.
my waifu's commin to life
Reminds me of Tyler the creator
you sound a lot like irahnik, hes a soundcloud rapper
That's a phat beat man.
Listening to this with Beats Studios, the ones with Monster, not the shit they make today. And the bass absolutely melts my ears.
Man that's White odd future 
Like it
What does it feel like to get a million views on a video? it must feel crazy. surreal as hell like " I'm me and literally a million people payed attention to me". shit is nuts.
I want the instrumental
I got a Tyler the Creator vibe from this song, it's too fire. 😭😭😭😭🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
papa franku has sik beets
Where can I download dis?
I wonder how high Joji is right now.Does this thought ever pop into anyone else's head?
All I see is comments about haters but I haven't seen any...plus he has tons of likes compared to dislikes.
hey...hey this is pretty good
can i download this on iTunes or something
Papa FRANKU just want to say that if you ever make a album I'll be buying 3 copies bust on all of them <3
I feel as if this song is stupid if you listen to it more than 3 times XD
you piece a shit
Pink guy/Omega feat. your dad
Filthy Prank nominated to the Grammy's for best musical video and best rap song.
I'm just now tuning in to your shit, daaaayum, that some next lvl shit! xD
He needs to get down with dumbfoundead so they can drop some fire
Tuna riceballs are the fucking best. My go-to choice whenever I visit the konbinis in Japan. 

Keep up with the great music as well, of course <3
Are you a ha-fu?
LAAA LAAA LAAA
Gonna go kill myself now Bye Bye ☺
fucken kill yourself
chujowe xd
sponsored by traktor XD
how do you edit your shit nig
I feel like filthy frank is dying. Too many rap videos, the latest videos just makes him look like some kind of fuckboy or faggot. I miss the goold old times when he just fucked with shit in his pink guy costume his perfect pedophile face, The gay music playing in the back round and shaman. Good old fucking shaman.
was looking at the dick print the whole time...

The Dick Print should be his new album name
rice balls  FEEL MY NICE BALLS
whoever dosnt like this probs has sickel cell
I love this show, most original content on yt
papa Franku pls :*
I have just seen your video bc my friend is a lunatic and she told me to watch. I find this video very interesting and I would like to say that the rice balls would taste better with some seasoning as I am a professional cook. Thank you and I hope you take my commentary to heart and make a new video with new rice balls
I think FF should do something about DJ Khaled
ey b0ss is jojivologs real franku sempai?
Don't you have enough cancer already?
this is by far my favorite rap. I've had plenty of favorites before, but I love this one. the truth, yo.
MUY HEROOEOROEOREORO THE PINK MAN XD pink guy u cool b0ss
ey b0ss YOUR MUY HREORORORORO!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the start.
Amazing beat.
Now I have a proper use for my repeat button
Filthy Frank is gonna tour with Odd Future one day lmao
ur the boss
I would fu ck filthy frank. literally.
I thought it was a 360 video at the start
One day, I'll have a conversation with this person. The results will be utterly salubrious. Here's some coffee shop poetry I've been working on;

Cabbage! How ghastly that dongle looked, huddled in the corner. "Slap an orangutan", she uttered. Eureka! Seven dollars. The letterbug says hello, young kindle. I'm speaking to the real head now. Come slump on the gizzard! Five fingers mean you have to clap for the happy boy dinner.

Goodnight.
So when are you and dunkey gonna collab
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Basically Franks way of saying "No Joji album".
This cancerously good song will be the end of me
I;m thinking about Thos riceballs
Такой красивый. Такой глупый
How does George still have the brain cells to this? I would have gotten autism. Props for George for doing these videos
the bari sax was fucking rad
I actually learnt something today
i saw papa franku in my dream last night
it was beautiful
What the fuck, Frank that last line. STRAIGHT MOTHERFUCKING KNOWLEDGE.
What happened to Onigiri?
did he really smoke..........while eating........wtf ewww
JOJI PLEASE COME BACK
you posted on me birthday
He's genuinely talented....
Recipe not clear enough; got dick stuck in rice ball.
He looks like Tingle from Legend of Zelda with that goatee
How many dicks have you had to suck to make your voice sound like that?
lmao those bathtub shots got ppl thinking your kohh in it g ma
Papa frankus channal has inspired me to get off my ass and go to school... Then take out an m16 and FUCKING KILL EVERYONE INCLUDING MYSELF CAUSE HUMANITY IS FUCKING DONE. IF THERE ARE ANY ALIENS OUT THERE PLZ TAKE ME TO YOUR PLANET LET ME BECOME ONE WITH YOUR PEOPLE..... plz...
Maldito loco de mierda!.. loved it!
guys remember we need to protect papa franku from the little kid and the teen faggots from pewdiepies channel ok we need to put aside the meme wars and stand together to protect papa franku! if you so a furfag,emo,bronie or any other type of cancer please write a short rant and tell them to fuck off and to kill them selves! please post this on papas frankus videos so others can know
Those are some top notch culinary skills. You must've seen chef.
we don't want joji music. we want frank back.  the old frank we fell in love woth
we all ruv u joji. 2homo4me but srs b0ss
frank is daddy af
I remember when he dropped this beat on his vine, I fucking beat my dick to it on nine separate occasions
now you are the chef
Can someone explain why he makes these types of music videos. The content is not absurd or filthy, he just seems like a dick. Unless he's making fun of dicks who have the "dont give a fuck attitude". Its cool music, but it seems like a waste.
This reminds me of old Dumbfoundead days.
eyyyy b0ss, can i habe de beat pls?
fuck this is good.
Papo I'm worried about ur health my nigga.
what voice/sound is he sampling at 1:24 ?
Your music is amazing all your vids are funny as hell. It's funny when people try to hate.
this makes my scrotum wet.
I love you George!!!
911 dislikes, seems legit
I can't stop watching this
+TVFilthyFrank i challenge you to eat your own shit
@TVFilthyFrank i challenge you to eat your own shit
this sounds like Tyler the creator
the beat wasn't cancerous enough
you should do a collab with brandon rogers
Three sword style
Raps better than KSI...
1:24 Isn't that BMO saying "Finn" ?
Can we all take a second to realize that George made this channel and specifically says frank is an image no one should be. Props George you're one of the realist guys out here. Btw your music makes me jizz in my pants
Back when I was 9 years old my uncle violated me. He touched me. One night, after my soccer game, he pulled my pants down and covered my mouth before I could scream or yell , he whispered right into my ear " my name is chef." I want to kill myself everyday because of this.
why is everyone asking if he is unhealthy
Lets get some pussy tonight
What camera does he use in this video, it looks great
i remember back when franku slipped in his pink guy suit. he's mastered the art of lycra
The partial beard looks nice on u frank.
filthy frank is honestly one of my favorite rappers
Edit: rather reading hate comments.
Ok is your name frank,Jorge Müller  or george miller i know your going to make a joke about it if u do a reading your comments video so just make the joke and get it over with. Ok now that is behind us after the joke and all if u feel comfortable telling us your real name. p.s trying not to be a creeper.
baaarsssss
papa always comes through with some nice jams
If only your fanbase wasn't so stupid.
This beat is orgasmic
WOW. First PewDiePie does a reaction video off of your video but now he is completely copying your channel! he just posted a loser reads hate comments video. How can you stand for this Frank?
can we get just the instrumental cuz that shit's fire mc fire too
"Still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed"
That's why I love this guy
nooo not the rice!!!
Best porn video of 2015-A small moan of a million dollars.Staring Donald Trump and his daughter Ivanka
Você brinca com o alimento?
finally bleep blop has been rapped over?
Let me rephrase. If you want to keep doing filthy frank then do what makes you happy. If you want to keep making 'joji' music then do whatever you want. Whatever makes you happy then do it. I love your videos. I'm sorry that a lot of your 'fans' bombard you with REAL MUSIC WE WANT REAL MUSIC. You know just let the guy be. If he enjoys being Frank let him be Frank. Be grateful because he does it for all you guys I hope you know that.
Lmao I hate the filthy frank 'fandom' , but frank himself and all his characters are gr8. His music is real good as well :^)
filthyfrank will forever be my spirit animal. love filthy frank so much.
Who does the production though, ohmagod.


oh wait. nvm. You genius, frank.
Can you make a instrumental version of this song
can we have instrumental ?
George actually drops some really nice shit. This video is kind of a message from him saying that he's pursuing his music career through his already very popular cancer/autism channel. Sneaky and smart papa.
who thinks joji should make a channel where he makes vlogs,Q&As,etc
scishow brought me here
this beat is fucking Flames
900 dislikes exactly.   Illuminati confirmed
Where the instrumental @ 🙏🏿
not gonna lie I really dig this weirdo
"Upper echelon" also lyrics used in backpackers by childish gambino
This has to be art somehow.
wait, i know im gonna get criticised for this, but is this his actual voive or is the scratchy voice his actual one?
This is the best thing I have ever seen in my entire life.
Nice chin pubes...go shave!
Papa Franku, smoking is fucking bad!
where can I find this suit? need to make a nice impression on my gf's parents
this is probably your best song yet
Cory in the house is an anime
No lie though this was a good beat and his rapping was pretty good, best part was probably 
"Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve
Not to mention that we harder than viagra with a big cock" straight up bars
I think you should rebrand, You know kinda stray away from trying to weird people out to actually making people think, Ya feel?
This song makes my dank dick hard
This song is Too damn good
The fuckin editing and filming on this is amazing, I'm surprised no one has mentioned the perfect variation between slo-mo and regular pace. Well done
The mirage you cast is unfathomable, and It has just recently presented itself to me. I wish I could meet such a bright person like you in real life
world tour 

https://www.change.org/p/tvfilthyfrank-papa-franku-world-tour?recruiter=459675034&utm_source=share_for_starters&utm_medium=copyLink
Fuck you Frank.

Because of you my channel doesn't get any attention.
Fuck you. You're filthy.
at for your next vid you should react to the cringe fan art of you on deviant art.  it's bad.
i wanna fuck an 90 year old lady..:)
I want your weed
Mira macho, os teus vídeos moi ben, pero.... e a gracia?
i wish i had kids  so i could them to franks and he could give them aids
Frank is a god
who the fuck is Eminem?
nise new camera whered ya steel it?
lets all go to the lobby!
kak reveal pls papa franku
Sweet beats.
when is 1st of this year !
I love weed I inject 3 daily
Some of the things he says just reminds me that he is a really smart guy... I would like to chat with him.
What are you fucking gay?
The "emotional moment" sounds alike some Tyler the Creator sounds , that's a cool inspiration !
ey yo, which ukulele should I get.
thank fucks.
We need 2015 recap
A new year, and someone will be around in the near future expecting some sacrifices... better be ready chromosomes.
lets all go to the BLAAP BLEEP
The beat sounds like the one at the start of the human ramen video
that beat was phat make more shit like this! had me boppin
Nice job
I thought Pink Guy wasn't Pink Omega
puts weed in filthy franku's goodie bag here u go timmy something to have fun with
pink guy is a pro
are u a sperm?
fuck you filthy Frank Frank your a fucking
My mum told me if i didn't turn the music down she would smash my face into the keyfebwhialeobigersujy4tawzs
Frank you're getting popular again. Fuck's sake dude not again, it's like the harlem shake immigration all over again. Cancerous pieces of shit trying to get into this shit and ruining it because they're fucking cringe.
For people who dont know his real voice, this is the perfect video. When he talks about the people complaining about real or fake music, it's his real voice.
iemand hier door Acid? ;)
Amazingly the video starts at 0:00 but the thing that most people don't understand is that the video ends at 03:23
frank can u do a blowjob video with gay friends gg
holy fuck but the end is real as fuck he's completely correct.
I have studied Filthy Frank's dick at about 0:18 and I can conclude that when unerected, his dick goes in at about 3 inches and 1.5 inches in diameter. It has a large head and about 253 hairs.
Yo Filthy Frank! Get your ass over to VidCon 2016! Google it, all us fans want to see you their! If you can't afford a Creator pass and all the other shit you need, start a Indiegogo, i'm sure we'll pay for your shit (Offer to meet up with fans for $$$ and shit like that) If you Want to see FilthyFrank at Vidcon 2016 Like this comment so he sees it!
Legend.
b0ss, you maek beast beatsies. I love these sick beatsies and rhymies <3
i want real joji music
I would like to see a rap battle
what is this shit. i was born in the wrong generation
McPinkie
this is actually a super enjoyable track
This is what Odd Future aspires to be but fails.
Wait wait wait wait....this beat is actually good.... experimental, off kilter hip hop... Damn...
This shit goes hard as fuck joji music that real shit
sick beat dude
like als je hier komt door ACID!!
shit man you finally roasted the kids complaining about how classics like "big mama" aren't real music 
nice song faggot
This beat is hard as fuck tbh, such a kendrick lamar sounding beat too, love it
FRANK I AM SO PROUD OF YOU I think at this point we can see that Frank is kinda going away from the comedy side of thing and becoming more serious, a rapper is his calling from what I can see, this beat is fucking phat so I congratulate you
This a dope ass earl sweatshirt type beat
Guys guys. Lte's go to the lobby. What do you say'
we want real music.  not this bullshit
another video that nobody even fucking cares

kill urself
thejan congrats and all but u need to stop replying to every comment frank was in my last video go check it out ur everywhere
Does george have any real raps? I'd be happy if any of you could give me some sauce.
Franku made a video with me. making a milkshake with him was wonderfull. coke... lots of it
Hey Frank, do you live off the FilthyFrank money?
Flower
his voice is so damn good
nice.
wens the next chin chin sacrifice????
Hey Yo mi flow m8, wtf happened to the breaking chopsticks with my ass or whatever video
I can't wait for you to make another cd, this is excelent to study :D!
Fuck me man lol
Is that an AK47 cocking sound? xD
I fuckin love Frank's videos
I fuckin love Frank's videos
Are you a pink Tingle?
I was born in the wrong generation
salamander man? where is he? dead? question?
this show is so sick and weird but so funny at the same time
Pink Guy world tour pls m8
Hey joji, do you have the stems for the beat? Would you be willing to sell those?
Reminds me of Tyler the Creator, dope beat m9
I listen this when I eat breakfast
franku is the offspring of nujabes and kendrick
Someone know the beat name of the second part? This piano so fucking gud.
"I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh, yo"
Best flow brah
did you stuff cat food in the rice eww
Whats the difference between animal abuse and domestic abuse? - domestic abuse is funny
Love your song
Bro your actually really talented, very retarded also but talented.
I feel bad that he had to make this video to get people to vaguely get it if they even listen to the lyrics 
But as always twas fire so idc
Inspirational.
100/10 cx IGN lol
frank, fuck all those fucking little kids dude. keep it real, and do the shit you wanna do. you are the new jackass with actual talent.
I watched this while pissing, i missed the toilet and used the dog to wipe it up as usual
I watched this while pissing, i missed the toilet and used the dog to wipe it up as usual
You should create your own music channel! :D
xDD
does he have autism?
Vest song eber made
BTW people who are confused this is his REAL voice not filthy frank
Vine por Alexelcapo :v
Joji used a 50's Coca Cola commercial as a rap beat.
Beauty.
Dope af intro, bruh
The rhythm is so cool,this sounds alot like childish gambino's songs
Does Frank support the unstumpable Trump?
still a better rapper than ksi
that stove hasnt been cleaned since 1986
foda
pink guy draw my life. Best meme.
You need to make a video on league of legends players
Dude I swear to god Franku could be in a song with Tyler the Creator Easy
Super late but that was fucking beautiful. 😂🍙
TOP
I sometimes listen to franks raps after i've masturbated..
hey guys, remember when filthy frank's fan base wasn't infested by 16 year old edgy meme fags? i remember too.
i once saw one direction live.
don't smoke i don't wanna see you die :(
Filthy frank or whatever is real fucking name is, is defenatly getting tired of doing this stupid shit that all these twelve tear olds love so much that he's probably going to quit YouTube some time in the near future
cool story bro, changed my life, 9/11 needs more dinosaurs otherwise you'd get a full 5/7
primo
tyler is that you
He should do a q&a I want to know more about this thing
dude you made this beat like 2 years ago lol
😍
This is actually really fucking good. The beats man....they're fucking 👌
Please Marry Me
God Damn Papa is at it again with the fire ass beats
My sincere apologies Frank...
my first video ive seen by filthly frank.........(explosions)
You need a fucking can opener
this sum hardcore !!!!!!,
I watch this daily.
Shit I love this dudes cancerous music
Nice job, this channel has well produced content despite how dedicated some of the fans can be. Most definitely a channel to be excited to see a new video on.
<3
This beat is some flames
Anyone else notice the rice on the window at the beginning of the video lol.
i cannot belive this guy hasn't found out who furries are
We get it, you vape
Listen, "Frank", I don't care what these "fans" have to say, if they don't want you to be yourself and to let them know you are a real person, then they aren't real fans. If you are unhealthy from this situation of your fans only wanting "Frank" and "Pink guy" then they don't deserve "Frank" and "Pink guy". If your health gets bad, and they don't care, if something happens to you, they don't realize, they will lose "Frank" and "Pink guy" as well. So for your health, if those "fans" don care about you, then they aren't fans, just haters, and fakes, fuck them, and don't acknowledge them or anything, your real fans will stick with you, and if those fake fan parasites leave, then that's better, so please, don't be afraid, put yourself out there, be yourself, not just for us, but for you, your health, and your family and friends.
This song is actually fire
This song is actually fire 
It was pretty cool hearing filthyFranks real voice for the first time too. Keep shit like this up Frank.
This song is actually fire 
It was pretty cool hearing filthyFranks real voice for the first time too. Keep shit like this up Frank.
this IS REAL MUSIC LOLZ
Bruh! dat goatee tho
THIS BEAT IS FUCKING HOTTTTTT
haters if you dont like frank then dont watch the vid because he is just tryin to bein funny and dont hate.
Has Pink Guy (the character) gained intelligence?
You should make a personal channel, where you do vlogs (blogs?) and just less stressful  things in general. Your characters seem to take a toll on you. :^)
nice video Joji
I love you never stop pls b0ss
it's just a prank bro
Could someone tell me what's going on because I.know his channel is funky but I see the comments saying something is going on some ppl don't know
I'm glad to see pink guy still alive and kicking, I'm also anticipating the Chin Chin sacrifices.
BUY MY MIXTAPE
Do you mean jelly filled doughnuts?
Filthy Frank é baile de favela
Can someone please make a gif of 1:54 when he raises his eyebrows 😂
No one will see this comment.
hey papa frank make a judge video on the like you did with the weeaboos.
Imagine someone looking up a tutorial on how to make rice balls, and finds this.....
ok
this is lit asf🔥🔥👌
Make an album plzzzzz
IT'S JUST A PRANK BRO!
I love that my favorite YouTuber is is also my favorite rapper
frank has become one of those friends who thinks he can make it in the rap industry 8)
newest addition to odd future? i think so
You should put all your music on iTunes so i can but that shits
Exactly how much w33d was in that sig?
Hey George can you bring back your vlogs (　^ω^)
Canadian Academy is Proud of you!
"Watch where you going you fool!" Looking ass nigga
Something you wanna tell us Georgie?
pretty sure that last verse was inspired by that stupid ass top comment on trap dumplings
Still better than Lil Wayne
What he said about music= so true.
"We want real music we want real music we want george music."
enough internet today.
make a vid about furries or bronies that shit would be hilarious
1:23 sounds like Yonkers by Tyler
What is more cancerous; Frank or the cigarette?
danm... papa franku turned into an Asian Tyler the creator
Frank should collab with RuckaRuckaAli for raps, too bad hes the only grossing youtuber who doesnt actually have a channel
The camera work is getting better...
i would find it hilarious if filthyfrank got cancer, maybe then he'd stop mocking it
I'm only 15 and I wish more people in my generation could enjoy this music
you look like the memer from wendys ad video
This was actually really good +TVFilthyFrank , You should make more videos with your real voice. It's pretty sexy and soothing man.
870 people WANT REAL JOJI MUSIC NYEEES
I was born too "in the wrong generation"to appreciate this music.
Too many normies are discovering Frank, protect Frank at all costs!
This shit is fire idk why people don't like this
Franku has a pussy slayer voice
lice
Fucking gay or something
Edgy cunt
I am 3 years old, and I hate my generation.
Need all this shit on iTunes fam
HABE U SEEN A JON FAVREAU PLS????
does he actualy smoke???😑😷😂
Frank was on pewdiepie
Is this what shit posting looks like daddy?
Never knew you had such musical talent. Showing this side of your personality adds so much more depth to your character, keep it up Big Poppa.
Fuck you fucking filthy dog microwave is awesome!
reminds me of tyler the creator
omq u h8 dhara weeba int fascalled otaku you afaggot ashf jkill u self faggiat!!1
rip jojivlogs
ur the best man <3 <3 <3
i'm only 17 and my dicks 9 inches, i wish people listened to real music
Bruh this song sounds ight
lyrics?
need more midgets
this is my aesthetic
You should drop an album Frank
no tags???
frank obviously hates his shitty fanbase. well, the majority.
I've been listening to this at least twice a day since it came out. It's so catchy and fun. Great job.
wE lov rel musiC plis gibe joji Real musci , 1!

PS.: I love you franku
PinkGuy in 60fps is pRiceless !
He needs to join Odd Future and spit some shit with Tyler and Hodgy.
whats up the the sudden Tyler the creator moment at 1:13
Habe you seen the rice balls pls
yo filthyfrank, pewdiepie watched your pewdiepie tattoo video check it out it on his channel, your funny as fuck too by the way.
there is no way you got 90k natty you fraud
Filthy Frank > Tupac
stop to smoke cigarro not cool man we want you alive bro
DANG! I couldn't stop starring at his crotch. Now I want his dick in my mouth!
Hey Frank, when you gonna make a video about how 99.9% of your fans subconsciously suck your dick?
Wtf
Wtf
wait thats fithy frank:c
Pink guy got the beard :D
At least let me pay for your music
The piano chord progression at 1:12 is very interesting. Beauty mixed in with endless filth... now that is art!
jesus christ what do i have to do to get my comment upvoted?
I rly  don't know why this songs is not   in the top hits . Thanks Frank ...rly  thank for all  your Filthy  videos and thank  you too george
Shit this is good
RIP filthy frank
has a cancer fan base
don't know what he expected
he made this channel to be cancer
the fans deserve the shit at the end btw
he had a speech about how he hates his fans on "fun silly drawings for fun silly people haha" but that page got deleted
this is fire bro like this is real talent
PINK GUY SPITTIN THAT FIRE
An instrumental should be released for this.
Make a 360 video pls b0ss
can we get a trap remix on the let's go to the lobby cause it's SOME GOOD SHIT MAN!
At the start you can see where he all ready threw the rice ball at the window
Aint nothing changed franku, and im not complaining 😂 still fucking badass. 
"im here to be an act not a role model"
Dude you're just awesome.
give download please i love the middle part and the whole fucking song
I failed. MISERABLY
this was absolutely brilliant!
It's really sad that a lot of people (or people in the comments, at least) missed the point of the video. It's whatever though, I doubt Filthyfrank or Joji or whatever the fuck you want to call him even gives a shit at this point.
your so awsome keep it like that
Lovin it ^^
Is this the beginning of a mental shitstorm? I knew Asians liked to rip off Evangelion, but damn. This video got meta as fuck.
(inb4 defensive comments)
My dick fell off at 1:12, this song is dope ass fuck Frank.
I lub you my squilt lord
like Tyler the creator
that mini golf line was pure genius
So Franku is a great musician who should get a Grammy, an amazing chef who would get approval from Gordon Ramsey and funny comedian and crazy videomaker. I must say, you're a perfect being Frankstar.
Tyler the creator
newly found love for this music. Went off pink guy for a while, but this beat's amazing.
franku react to 'pewds reacts to pewdiepie tattoo'
1:12 T-that piano though..
I still don't quite understand the whole argument around 'real music'. Frank already made real hip hop with Politikz.
I have a feeling he makes all his music in the tub
pink guy or joji in disguise?
I didn't know this guy was so creative. Yeah, he created this monstrosity of an atrocity, but this is pretty good. There is more to this nigga.
This channel is like the the bloody 4chan of YouTube. Weird, offensive and in some sections absolutely disgusting. Like if you agree and frank please get you're crap together. Thx.
How am i suppose to fap to this knowing Han solo dies?!?!?!?!?
album like this pls grandmaster franku
fuck this song is dope
What brand of cigs do you smoke? I'm curious
Frank was 3x better before he hit 1 million subs. The content is still good, but I'm talking about the people that watch him. It's just a bunch of pre-pubescent kids that go around saying stuff like "Gimmee da pussi b0ss."
Wow I just figured this is not how he acts in real life xD
Smoking. Is FUCKING STUPID. Bud is your bud
Now I know how to make rice balls!
Thanks Frank!
WHEN UR MIXXXXTAPEXXX COMING SOOOON?
its a shame that you smoke. 💩💩💩🎌🎌
┻┳|
┳┻| _
┻┳| •.• ) -Daddy, are all the spammers gone?
┳┻|⊂ﾉ
┻┳|
thanks to Frank he has inspired me to kill my family.
Ableton Live Lite?
………………….._,,~’’’¯¯¯’’~,,
………………..,‘’ ; ; ;_,,--,,_ ; ;’’,……………………………..,,,--,,
……………….,’ ; ; ;,‘ , , , , , ‘, ; ;’,,,,--~~’’’’’’~,,,…..,,~’’ ; ; ; ;_;’,
……………….| ; ; ;,’ , , , ,,~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ¯’’~’,, ,,-~’’ , , ‘, ;’,
……………….’, ; ; ‘, ,-~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’, , , , , ,’ ; |
…………………’, ; ;,’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’, , ,‘ ;,-‘
………………….,’‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’‘ ;,,-‘
………………..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;__ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘-,’
………………,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘’¯: : ’’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; _ ; ; ; ; ;’,
……………..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;| : : : : : ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,‘’¯: ¯’’, ; ; ;’,
…………….,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,_: : _,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; | : : : : : ; ; ; |
……………,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ¯¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,,_ : :,‘ ; ; ; ;|
…………..,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,,-~’’ , , , , ,,,-~~, , , , _ ; ; ;¯¯ ; ; ; ; ;|
..…………,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’ , , , , , , ,( : : : : , , , ,’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|
……….,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’, , , , , , , , ,’~---~’’ , , , , , ,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,
…….,‘’ ; , ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘’~,,,,~~’’’¯’’’~,, , ,_,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
….,‘’~’’,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; | ; ; | . . . . . . ,’; ,’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,_ ; ‘,
……….,’ ; ;,, ; ;, ; ; ;, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘, ; ;’, . . . . .,’ ;,’ ; ; ; ;, ; ; ;,’, ; ;,’ ‘’~--‘’’
………,’~’ ,‘~’’ ‘, ,‘ ‘, ,,- ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘, ; ; ‘~-,,,‘’ ; ,’ ; ; ; ; ‘, ;,‘’ ; ‘, ,-‘,
……….,‘’ ; ; ; ; ; ‘’ ; ; ;’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘’,,_ ; ; ; _,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ;’‘’ ; ; ; ‘’ ; ;’-,
……..,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;¯¯’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’,
……,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
…..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|..’-,_ ; ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
….,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; | ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…….’’’,-~’ ; ; ; ; ; ,’
…,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’~-,,,,,-~~’’’’’’~,, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…..,~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ,
…| ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘
…’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,’….’, ; ; ; ; _,,‘’
….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…….’’~~’’¯
…..’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;_,,‘’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘
………’’~-,,_ ; ; ; ; _,,,~’’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘
………..| ; ; ;¯¯’’’’¯ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,,-‘
………..’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,-‘
…………| ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;|
…………’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ~-,,_ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,
………….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘….’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
………..,’ ‘- ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘’……….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,
……….,’ ; ;’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ,,-‘…………….’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’,
………,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,‘’…………………’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |
……..,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,,-‘………………………’’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; |
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’…………………………,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;,’
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ; ,’………………………..,-‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,’’
……..| ; ; ; ; ; ;,’……………………….,‘ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,‘
……..’,_ , ; , ;,’……………………….,’ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,-‘
………’,,’,¯,’,’’|……………………….| ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘--,,
………….¯…’’………………………..’-, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’~,,
……………………………………………’’,, ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;’’~,,
………………………………………………..’’, ; ; ; ; ; ,,_ ; ;’,’’-,
…………………………………………………..’, ; ; ; ; ; ; ‘,__,-.
……………………………………………………’-, ; ; ;,,-~’’’ , ,|, |
………………………………………………………’’~-‘’_ , , ,,’,_/--‘
I want a Filthy Frank shirt.. #rip
I wonder if Frank knows he has normal fans that enjoy his content and don't really care whether or not he is Joji or Frank. 

Keep up the good videos.
Dont mind me guys, just looking for youtube explained since he said he likes this cancer :|}
Franku,Dame,Zettai, フランク，ダメ，ゼッタイ，
So we all know that pink guy raps, but does anyone else work in entertainment? Like does salamander man do anything like this?
Chin chin, 2016 sacrifice ...Bring.Back.Dade
Give FilthyFrank his own Adult Swim show
I had to look away or fucking stop some of your videos... because... sometimes you scare me a little :')
but THIS!!!! this is amazing.
This guy should record Minecraft videos :D
sounds like dumbfoundead lel
Just Pink Guy ;D so good. . .
Damn!
this is one of the best songs I've heard on the internet.. keep up the good work, and DON'T do shit that you don't enjoy -- meaning don't let viewers pressure you into doing a video that you don't want to.
just for a fact, this Video/preparing for this Video took him ~1h (making the rice balls)
frank is an internet rapper with a soundcloud. hmmm
Why did u delete that video of a guy breaking chopsticks with his Aasss?
but do you actually smoke?
fire
lol Frank no can opener?
Based Papa Franku.
So it was "Lobby" the whole time? I'll still always hear "Bla Bleep" though.
This is awesome keep doing you frank
when is the second album coming out? i really enjoyed the first album.
Fuck my bitch b0ss
This is better than all mainstream rap on the radio
keep being yourself b0ss
Let's all go to tha l-l-lobby lets all go to tha l-l-lobby
you should teach us how to make things like rice balls
hey Filthy cockface can we get REAL music please?
paasteell de flanggooo
SWAG ME UP UR CHANNEL IS DONE
#EXPOSED!
So when does the FilthyFrank Cafe open up?  You have already got the menu: Rice Balls, Hair Cake, Trap Dumplings, etc.  The employees can all wear pink body suits and you can have your own music plus the Harlem Shake on repeat for the dinner guests.
God damn, shit's lit
still kinda hard to believe that the guy rapping is the real filthy frank. I get that it's actually him but the contrast between those 2 acts is insane
5/10 uses lyrics from Santa's Brother
0:11 without headphones there's no bass. I watched it with headphones first, then without and it sounded really weak.
sooooooooooooo...
when will the search for pink guy continue?
Missed your videos! :D
animal's 😒
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Why you change title? Onigiri much better.
I don't care what he says, I want Joji
I never understand why people hates the brony fandom is it because most of them are full grown man who watches a cartoon intended for little girls its,so I did my research and here's is the thing, I guess is that why people judge and hate the brony fandom is because the majority are men who have a obsession over the cartoon like drawing fan art, writing erotic fanfic and making porn of it but here's the thing almost every fandom those this like furry's,spongebob and eve Dora the explorer and there's even more to say and when I was looking online mostly of the people who hate them are people who are a troll,hater,anti brony or a person who have nothing better to do,I don't watch the show I give it a try but it wasn't interesting for me so I never watch it I guess another reason why people's hate them is because the try to force that you must love the show down on your through but its like every fandom out there every one is different some brony say "hey if you don't like it that's cool I won't force the show is not meant for everyone I respect your opinion" or were another brony would say "YOU MUST LOVE THE SHOW IS THING BEST THING EVER" so my opinion on the brony fandom there just people doing what they want really I don't hate them in fact I'm friends with a brony and he's a cool dude in my opinion but yeah another thing that I can say is that they will always be hater but who give a fuck about haters they have cancer and all haters should be sacrifice for lord chin chin
hey that's pretty gooood........
FUCK YES
Filthy Frank is taking over the nets
bring back the johnsonblog
LETS ALL GO TO THE LOBBY
culinary pink trap > real music
Can anyone give me a link to this beat?
FRANK YOU SHOULD DO A VID READING UMA KOMPTON'S TWITTER LMAO PLS
What are the chords at 1:12 - 1:35
hands down my fav Frank song *
i bet Kendrick Lamar's next album is gonna sound like this
I want an instrumental version so i can post my trashy lyrics and think people will care
good shit ma nigga
What are you a fucking faggot?
Jk. You're my inspiration, as scary as that sounds... I don't rip you off though.
1:12 can I get the piano sample for ableton by any chance somewhere
i love you dad
i love and hate
Beyond the autism and crap, I'm sincerely glad that you're happy. Even if this whole joji album stuff doesn't come out, I hope that the fan base will understand that it's all good.

thanks for the new vid b0ss.
DOPE!!! ueheuehuehuehe
おにぎり
Ye its fire papa franku <3
I'm currently in the astral realm waiting for my future body to be made so I can be birthed, and I listen to real shit like this. I'm realer than most entities my age, fucking h8 my generation. 


I'm also prepared for you unoriginal cunts to copy and paste my amazing comment.
You're a fucking genius Frank
Hey! Can you please upload a seperate video with the beat to this song? Without any singing. That beat was awesome!
The Best pieces if music are the ones the creator really enjoys doing
got that Asian Persuasion
Nice beat .
Man you live in a shit hole LOOOOL.
Thank you for this absolutely smashing content
This is as real as any other music. Keep making laughs, Papa Franku; love your raps.
I'm trying to learn here
When you realize Papa is actually a good rapper
When's your mix tape coming out?
Where the download link at? :D
Can we get a recipe?
Filthy Frank world tour when?!
this has a Tyler the creator vibe to it
what rise were you using?
Anime is cancer
Dude you're sick at this!
I loved this video, and actually learned about rice balls in the process.
That was awesome! But please dont smoke its nit good for you.PPPLLLLEEEAAASSSEEE
Same guy that rubs his nipples.
this song sucks







YOU JUST GOT PRANKED!
0:24 - look at the window, there is a stain from the rice ball he throws at the end.
i actually like this as music. like if he toured as a musician i would pay to see him
Lmao. For a sec I misheard the lyrics of the jazz music right at the beginning of the video for "rice balls origami" xD
Need this on Spotify
Frank get this shit on Spotify
This is actually what id imagine Childish Gambino and Tyler the Creator's kid would rap like lmao
I really love him n his music and everything
put notebook on toilet while taking a bath? so thats why americans have bath and toilet in same room.
Came here for a laugh, left with that and a sick fuckin song
i was expecting sonethibg like pink guy grunting but i got some thing much better
broke the 4th wall my man
You been listening to Lil Dicky, Franku?
Thumb this up if you enjoy memes :*]
continue this shit, it's damn dope
calmly waits more years for joji vlogs
Damn boy, put this shit on replay..
Ooo feisty 'lil thang!
holy shit we found 2pac Son
Very Swagtastic man. Great song btw!
FILTHY FRANK DOES CHAT ROULETTE 2!
pls b0ss b4 cancer
dank
Am I the only one who listens to Pink Guy on a daily basis? He's extremely talented and funny. This shit is fire.
Am I pronouncing this right? Is it Oni-Gear-ee?
I actually learnt how to make rice balls, you finger it and stuff tuna so it smells like real pussy
this is spiritual
That beat is amazing
Erm.... where was "It's FILTHY FRANK, mother FUCKERS!"????? weeps
I've heard this track before but I just started wandering if anyone knows wheres he sampled the "let's all go to the lobby" sound?
Mini golf champion you got no drive
Реп - это новый стендап
You gots serious skills pink guy. btw pewdiepie did a reaction vid of the pewdiepie ass tattoo vid you did. Check it out bro.
I'm not interested about the video that much, in fact Im wondering why a German Milk Commercial played before this vid! The fuck Franku?
1:12 - 1:25. Chance the Rapper?
love u joji OK <3
love u joji OK <3
Frank's music is like a hybrid of Tyler and Lil b
does he actually smoke cigarettes
sounds like a Odd Future or Tyler, The Creator track
Where did you film this???because the place is nasty as heck
instrumental when
This is fire
Finally. Ty.
when the song slowed down, that was the best.
I don't eat a microwave
papa I want this song
Anyone else realise how the beat was originally heard from Human Ramen
I really like watching FilthyFrank when I'm not killing Sandniggers in my country. Jews did WTC!
best rice ball making tutorial ever!!!
Yo that beat is from human ramen.
i love you papa franku
My dog doesn't like you......burn
This is why japanese deserve the third bombing.
Hey put your albums on spotify
I don't think this is not real music, but I think people really would like to hear serious beats and serious production and this is more comedy-oriented, both in instrumentation and vocals. No offense, your comedy is fine obviously, but don't recant on your word: "Yes, it is about time we start making some serious music (under the alias PinkOmega)." It's not about real or fake, it's about more serious or more comedy, and how seriously-produced music will last a lot longer than comedy in the grand scheme of musical things. Trap Dumplings was culinary and funny, but has production values that still make it your best song to date. Maybe you need an engineer and a producer, or at least someone with whom you can bounce beats back and forth and come up with some cooler ones.
Great as always bebe
Just thought the bass was a little too heavy
lol best flow
Cooking rice and listening to this XD man lets do some crazy shit
one of the best youtube channels every XD
Umm...you don't actually smoke, do you? I mean...isn't that bad for your health? Especially if you have that medical condition where you have seizures...but then again I don't really know. All I've taken is Standard First Aid after all...
+TVFilthyFrank look like a muslim Joe Jonas
Hey frank i have this friend who pretty much wants to be you i think he would be the perfect student he always says hey boss & can i have the pussy plz right in front of the teachers
Reporting this video for setting my ears on fire. Joji spit flames!!!!
This song is addicting
Dude this song is fire AF Frank, dafuq. XD I love it.
A man in a coma on life support is like a non-responsive windows program; terminate the program, or wait for the program to respond.
I showed my girlfriend +TVFilthyFrank and now I have a son...
I love these food videos
This rap is fucking fire!
I want rice now
Omfg I had to get a waterhoes for this shit 💨🔥🔥🔥💦🔥
George Miller is an alias. His real name is Joji Kunosoki.
this actually bumps thank u franku
Hey boss!!!
This reminds me of Bastard by Tyler
Frank looks like the Asian equivalent of Django in this video. I like...
These memes make me want to jump out my first story window.
dem john Lennon glasses
TVFilthyFrank is the channel most autist of the youtube, frank is mad but is cool   Brazilian here.
Wow, now this is real music.
Now i know how to make riceballs, thanks
Seriously, as usual, I'm impressed. Would love to see a new album. Thanks papa
Filsy Fulanku you makea rice baw
Wow pewds isn't even funny
yo thats one nasty ass apartment
Who else is still waiting for the next pink guy album? First one was fire af
Is he actually smoking
On the low frank is pretty hot
When papa franku uploads in 60 fps
Let me suck you're ass
This video inspired me to may some rice balls.
Is Frank really that Filthy behind YouTube?
I fall asleep to this
Sounded kinda like Tyler at around 1:14
I just love the random beats in the background of these songs
"Lobb- LobLobLobby- by-by-by-"
he smokes?
Another music vid.
How long have you been producing frank?
now make draw my life
loo-lo-loo-bby. by. by.
was the start of this video inspired by earl sweatshirt whow?
I feel like I will eat my worst enemies first born son
Your the best youtuber
Pink guys suit is fading :(
The savage gawd Frank does it again...
Lovin the beard thing looks really good like seriously
this is the frank i love :' )
Yo papa Franku pls m8ke a vid about the whole autism of bronies you're  biggest dissatisfaction child me
I love you so much, seriously
MORE of these, PLEASE. I love your music, dood.!!!
is it me or he sounds like mac miller?
I'm disappointed that Frank has a lot of haters. This is comedy gold. If you don't wanna watch his videos then leave
new album when
koosh
What's the instrumental?
is it me or does anyone else get a Tyler, the Creator vibe?
fack this is good
Copy that
High key want to smash Pink Guy.
This song is great
Video production upgraded by 10000000
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG
Mmm mm are those some jelly donuts?
Filthy Frank songs are produced in crack-den bathrooms?
No one is surprised.
BRING BACK TEMPURA BOYZ
george
can you please check us out we've just stared this whole youtube shit
When is this hitting bandcamp/iTunes?
and check out the ninja baby saga on my friends channel its JamyBurke
I found your first channel dizastamusic one day four years ago while getting high as shit in my room you got some good shit keep doing what yo dooin m8
If i ever actually commited suicide,
I'd write "#ChinChinSacrifice" as my "suicide note"
Sick cig flip bro
Anyone know where the piano sample at 1:11 is from?
Joji has got dat flow.
I wanted rice balls, and ended up making a nuclear bomb.Terrible tutorial.
Could've been better
Tyler the creator
I knew him at 1,555,599 subs faggot
Papa I got questions. 

why change onigri?
and what kinda fags do you suck eh?
this shit is fire
the next pink guy album is gonna be fire.
That song was flames. fuck the haters.
this one for the folks that be dead inside
The instrumental of this is actually the audio of authistic Thomas the tank on aids after having sex with a toy turkey from hell.
Hes a really shit raper
i miss dade :(
ey boss
Honestly dope af
Far out thats a bloody good song! Put the bugger up on iTunes
I love you pink guy.
search up FILTY FRANK KID, you will get ×10000000 autismos
what about balls fields
some of the most entertaining shit I've seen on YouTube thanks FF
CAPS LOCK
Can I get this on SFuckingFy? (Spotify for the dumb shits)
@TVFilthyFrank do you think in the year 2016 you will post more often? i know you post 1 every 2 weeks I'm just wondering because I love your videos and you are my favorite youtuber by far:)
this shit is fucking fire and I've listened to it about 50 times today
This video is actually so well made, amazing work Joji, I mean it <3
this song is so inspirational
Frank smokes?
He put on a Rick and Morty esque vibe at the end and thats just amazing
I really really want to see you normally like you know without that weird shit just for one video i want you to wear normal shit and talk with your voice.
Mac Miller with extra chromosomes
This may actually may be one of the only videos on the non-weird side..... EXCEPT FOR THE RAP PART
Frank you need to shave.
Nice video Frank u are funny pink Guy 2 pls do more videos
Are we really not gonna talk about how good of a song is this
I love this and I love you.
OG'S ONLY
Oh yea gimme some of Dat good ol rice balls
i agree, the soul patch makes him seem extra Asian
If this shit was on iTunes I would buy this in a second
sex. with little boys i have sex with little boys on a game about mice, contact me
👌🏻🌚 nice
Send me your nudes faggot
I'm sorry..........you have cancer frank
Nice Tyler the creator
Better than KSI.
I actually think this track is dope as fuck.
HEY TAKE IT EASY IM A FUCKING PRINCESS
I don't care about the pewdiepie pie fans because sooner or later they'll become filthy too
Ok.
Am I the only one who finds George hot? I mean he's funny and stuff and when he doesn't put on his retardrd accent he sounds like a boss...
I WAS WATCHING THIS ON THE SHITTER AND MY MOM WALKED IN AND ASKED IF I WANTED A RAMEN
Where can I download this song?
Killer Whales, Cohart!
THis GOES HARD AS FUCK HAHAHAHAHAHA
you look exactly like tingle from Legends of Zelda if tingle was pink instead of green
honestly if someone where to make him a record deal he's be a legit good raper 😂😋
The bass sets the tone so fucking well.
mor joji pls. sry
Oh daddy franko
I really need to find lyrics for this
i luv ur music
PEWDIEPIE MADE A VIDEO ABOUT UR ASS TATTOO VID!
Pink guy spits so much fire he can be the next pyro flamethrower buff
trap lord
that moment when papa franku is better than most rappers today
Lyrics?
@TVFilthyFrank Are you a Light Designer in theater? I noticed you had an ETC mouse pad in your bad rappers video
why is this not a real song
This is basically an Odd Future song with Pink Guy,

It's amazing.
Love ur humor. Greets from "Nazi Deutschland" u fucked up biatch making #riceBalls ;D
Papa Franku, pls upload pink guy music to spotify
b0ss smoking? i am really dissappointed. i thought he was a good egg
Probs already saw a comment like this kinda reminds me of Tyler the creator's music and odd future I really enjoyed it
George, please bring back the vlogs.
Dude this gets better every time I watch it
love it, brUH
dope
sounds like it shoulda been a PinkOmega song

oh yeah, that was a thing
what happened to it?
i thought he siad "i jerk my kids at soccer practice every tuesday" lol😂
put this on spotify
his house looks filthy
This gets better every time I listen to it.
Good porn
this is actually really fucking good wtf
Can someone watch my dick grow?
Here for my daily dose
This is it folks.........Pink Guy just evolved!!
Still afraid of pewdiepies subs coming onto here since he reacted to the tattoo vid.
I wish I could be a Rap genius like papa franku
It's funny when you find yourself
Looking from the outside
I'm standing here but all I want
Is to be over there

Why did I let myself believe that
Miracles could happen?
'Cause now I have to pretend
That I don't really care

I thought you were my fairy tale
A dream when I'm not sleeping
A wish upon a star
That's coming true

But everybody else could tell
That I confused my feelings with the truth
When there was me and you

I swore I knew the melody
That I heard you singing
And when you smiled
You made me feel

Like I could sing along
But then you went and changed the words
Now my heart is empty
I'm only left with used-to-be
And once upon a song

Now I know you're not a fairy tale
And dreams were meant for sleeping
And wishes on a star
Just don't come true

'Cause now even I can tell
That I confused my feelings with the truth
'Cause I liked the view
When there was me and you

I can't believe
That I could be so blind
It's like you were floating
While I was falling
And I didn't mind

'Cause I liked the view
I thought you felt it too
When there was me and you..
Yes.
1:24 but dat ass
Frank is clearly a fantastic rapper and needs to keep this greatness up. Is it just me or you sense a little Tyler the Creator influence in some of the bars and production? I dunno the humorous lyrics reminds of Tyler, maybe I'm just tripping. The video reminds me of Ned Flander an older Tyler video.
Did you guys notice the mark from the rice ball on the window from the end is also on there at the beginning, but only the beginning?
░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█                         
░░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█
What'd I tell you, fucking faggot.            




copy much
1:11 :)
sickest beat ever
Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand
Ocean man, the voyage to the corner of the globe is a real trip
Ocean man, the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, can you see through the wonder of amazement at the oberman
Ocean man, the crust is elusive when it casts forth to the childlike man
Ocean man, the sequence of a life form braised in the sand,
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, ocean man
Ocean man

Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand
Ocean man, the voyage to the corner of the globe is a real trip
Ocean man, the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, can you see through the wonder of amazement at the oberman
Ocean man, the crust is elusive when it casts forth to the childlike man
Ocean man, the sequence of a life form braised in the sand,
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man
Dear Frank. Get your head examined and smoke a joint. Then call me. 7272803372
Is that filthy frank doing the main raping or only the little part in the middle?
Am I the only Muslim who loves Papa Frank?
Where do you live? USA, Japan? Please b0ss, tell me.
Dat Jojivlogs diss though
a million veiws in 3 days...not bad frank....not bad
Poor frank. He's obviously outgrown his act but his fans are devoted to it. Such an odd situation to be in when the only reason you're making videos is because of the fans.
Does this remind anyone else of Tyler the Creator?
Where the hell has this man been all of my life..? TVFilthyFrank has gotta be the best channel I've ever seen on YouTube. Keep up the amazing work Frank!
bring back jojivlogs
To put an old snipars quote to good use; "My iPad is on fire."
notice me frank senpai!!
That Cigar Pan flip trick was Dope!
How are you such a BOSS?
Is Frank actually a smoker? I never saw him as a smoker. (Doesn't matter either way, just curious)
I don't get pussy....





The pussy, comes to me.
What
At 1:12 is when it gets REAL damn cuh
I don't know what people who don't like these songs are talking about, this is still fire even with less serious lyrics.
lyrics
My mum: what's your favorite song?
Me: rice balls
what are you fucking tyler the creator ?
its lit
someone take the time to write the lyrics to this banger
u r my senpai papah franku notice meeeeeeeee!!!1!
Hey you fat asian fucker. you better roast furries next.
a man who gets that music is music it all comes from the same place
Dayum, Franku's making dank beats with that sick MicroKorg XL.
Who said you needed expensive gear to make good music?
::::::::,,,,,,,............::,;;''';;;;:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:,,,,,,,,;:,,+';
::::::::,,,,,,,............::,;;''';;;;:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,+,,,,,,,,,;:,,'';
::::::::,,,,,,,............;:,';''';;;;:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,'+;,,,,,,,;:,,'';
::::::::,,,,,,,............;:,';''';;;::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;:;,,,,,:::;:,,'':
::::::::,,,,,,,............;:,''''+++++++';;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;';;;;;;;;;;;;;,'':
::::::::,,,,,,,............;:'++++++++#+#+++:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:::,,:::,,,,::::::::'':
::::::::,,,,,,,............;'+++++++++++###+++:,,,,,,,,,,,::;''''''''''';;;:;;:'':
::::::::,,,,,,,...........;+++'++++++++++++####'::::::::::::;;;;;;;;;;;;;;:;;;:'':
:::::::,,,,,,,,..........:''+++++++++++++++#####+:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::,'+:
:::::::,,,,,,,,.........,;''+'++++'''''++++++#+##+:,:,,,,::::::::::::::::,,,,,,;+:
:::::::,,,,,,,,.........:;;;:;'''''''''''''+++++##+;,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;+:
:::::::,,,,,,,,.........:,,::;;;;'''''''''''+++++##+:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;';
:::::::,,,,,,,.........:,,::::;;;;''''''''''''++++###::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;';
:::::::,,,,,,,.........,,,::::;;;';;''''''''''+++++#++';,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,';
:::::::,,,,,,,........,,,,:::;;;;;;'''''''''''+++++##+';,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.;+;
:::::::,,,,,,,........,,,,:;;;;;;;''''''''''''++++++#++;,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:';
:::::::,,,,,,.........,,,::;'';;;'''''''''''''+++++++++':,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,..;+'
;;';;;:::::::,:,,,,,:;,,::;;'';'''''''''''''''++++++++++:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,..,+'
;;;;;;:::::,,::,,....:,:::''''''''+++++++++''''+++++++++:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,..:';
;;;;;::;:::,;,,,...,,,,:::'+'''+++#########+''''++++++++;,,.;::;';;:;'''',,,,..,';
;'';;;;;;:::;,,,....,,:;;'++'''++#####++++++++'''+++++++',,,;:;;'';;,',,;:,,,..:';
;'';;';;;;;;:,,.....:,;'+###'+'++##+++++++++++''''++++++',,,;:::';;;:;,;,:,,,..,';
'';;'';;;;;;,,,.....:;'+####+;'++##+++++++++++''''+++#+++,,,'';'+';;;+:;;:,,,..,''
''''';::;;;;,,,,....:;'+++#+';'++++#+######+++''''++++++':,,''''+;;;'+;::::,,..,''
'+''':::;;;;,,,,.,.,;''+++++:;''+++#++###++++''''''++++++':,''+'++'''+;::::,,..,''
;'''';::;;;:,,,,.,..;''+###+:'''+++++++++++''''''''+++++''+,+;'';;;+'''';::,,..,''
;+'';;::;;::,,,;;...''+++++;:''+++++++++'''''''''''++++'+++:;'+'';;''+':+;:,,..,''
'';;;;::;::::,:;;,.,;:''''',;''+++++'''''''''''''''+++''+++';';'''''''';;;;;;:;,''
''';;;:::::::,,,...,,::;;;;,''''++++'''''''''''''''+++++''+':;;;;;;;;;;;;:::,,;,''
++++'';::::::,,,.,:,,:;;;;,;'+''++++'''''''''''''''++''++'++::;;;;;;;;;;::::::;,''
++++'''''::::,,,,;;,::;;;;;'++++++++'''''''''''''''+++'++''+,:::::::::::::::,,,,''
++++'''''';::,,,,:;:::;''';'++##++++++''''++++++'''+++'+++'',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,''
++++''''''''::,,,,::;;;''''+++##+++++++''+++++++++++++++++'',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,,''
++++''''''''':,:,:,:;''''''+'++++++++++++++++++++++++++++''',,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,''
++++''''''''''::,:,;;'''+';'''++++'+++++++++++++++++++++''':,,,,,,,,,,,,,'+,,,.,''
++++'''''''''';,:::;'''+';;''+++++++++++++++++++++++++'''''..,,,,,,,,,,,,'+::,.,''
++++''''''''''';:::;''++';''+++++++++++++++++++++++++++'''',,,,,,,,,,,,,,;+:::,,''
++++'''''''''''':::;''++''''''''++++++#+++++++++++++++++'';,,,,,,,,,,,,,,.,::,,,''
;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;''+'';;''''+++++++++##+++++++++++++++''''';:,,,,,,,,..,,,,,,''
;;;;;;;:::::::,,,,,;;''''''++++#####+++++#+++++++++++++';'';;;':,,,,,,.,:::::,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,''''''##############+++++++++++++++';'''''';,,,,,,,,:::::,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,''''++##@#####+####@++++++++++#+++'';'''''';,,,,,,,,,:,,:,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,;'''++##+'+#+'+++#@#+++++++++###++''''++++';,,,,,,,,,:,,:,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,:'''+'##;'+''++#####++++++++####++'+''++++';:,,,,,,,,+++:,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,,''''''#''''++#####++++++++######+'+''++++';:,,,,,,,,++':,,,''
;;;;;::::,,,,,,,,,,,,'''';;;''+++##++++++++++#+####+++'+''++++';:,,,,,,,,+;':,,:''
;;;;;:::::,,,,,,,,,,,:;''';::;'##++++++++++++++####+++'+''++++';:,,,,,,,:+;;;,,:''
;;;;;:::::,,,,,,,,,,,,'''';;;'''++++++++++++++####++++'++'++'+';:,,,,,,,,+;;;:,:''
;;;;;:::::,,,,,,,,,,,,;''';;''++##+++++++++++#++#+++++'+++++++';;:,,,,,,,###::::''
;;;;;:::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,''';;'++#+#+++++++++#####++++++'++++#++';;:,,,,,,:;;;:,::''
;;;;;::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,;';;;;';''+++++++++###++++++++'''#+++++';::,,,,,,::::::::''
;;;;;::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,'';;;;''+++++++++#####+++++++'++'#++#+++';,,.,,,:::;;,,:''
;;;;:::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,:';';'''+++++++#+####++++++++'++'#++##++++++++''##@@#:::''
;;;;:::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,'''''+++++++########+++++++++++'+####+##+#+#++++++++';;''
;::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;''''+##++++#####++++++++++++++''#############+++++++++''
:::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,:''+++##########++###++++++++++''########################
::::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,;'''+#########+++++++++++'+++++''######################++
::::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,:;'''++####++++++++++#+++++++++''######################+#
::::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,;'''++'++++++++++++++++++++++++'+#######################+
::::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,'++++++++++++++#++++++++++''+########################
::::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,''+++++++++++++++++++++++''#########################
::::::::::,:,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;;+++++++++++++++++++'''+'+#########################
:::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;';;'+++#++++++++++++++++++##########################
:::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;'';;;''++++++++++++'+++++++##########################
:::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,'+'';:;;;'+++++++++++'''+++++###########################
:::::::::::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,'''''';;''+++++++++'''''+++++###########################
:::::::,:::,,,,,,,,,,,,,,;'''''+;;;''++++++'''''''''++############################
::::::,,::,,,,,,,,,,,,,:;''''''+;;;''''''''''''''''''+############################
::::::,,:,,,,,,,,,,,,,;';''''''+;;;;'''''''''''''''++#############################
I need a clean version of this so I can dance to it at a convention B)
You know you're a 90s kid when you wake up in the morning and you want to die
fucking love all the shit you put out franku-sama. Shit keeps getting darker and im with it.
Im just glad he's having fun making videos like he said in his comment, on a video from Maxmoefoe's channel he said something like " okay im gonna go bring pink guy and he's gonna come in here and say something like can  i have pussy pls ? and all the 12 years olds are gonna laugh " that sounded like he thinks that his fanbase is a bunch of kids who laugh at everything, and that also sounded like he's not having fun doing his thing, anyways, im just glad he's INTO what he's doing <3
Living with him must be so chill
Fuck, i can't stop watching this
wtf this is actually a good song
60FPS! Nice!
Looks like you picked up on maxmoefoes smoking after doing those fucked up cake videos
I now learned how to make rice balls
Sometimes I just wonder what your thinking that makes u do this stuff


PS:not hating
Sometimes I just wonder what your thinking that makes u do this stuff


PS:not hating
Do another rant video, butt slave
you sound like Tyler the creator.
:^)
omg filthy feet
LESS FRANKU MORE POLITIKZ!
WHERE IS HIS ALBUM?!?!?!? I'VE BEEN WAITING FOREVER!!! REAL HIP HOP FAGGOT!
Ey can we get the beat for this song please? xD its sick asf.
Fucking Catchy <3
CAN WE GET A FREE DOWNLOAD??!! OR SOME LYRICS?!
wada fak beaste group
shit franky yous gots luts of subs now
lyrics? >_> pls
whats his gearrr?
Reminds me of Tyler The Creator...
Tyler the Creater flow
lets all go to the lobby?
FilthyFrank is one of the rare youtube channels that you watch all if it's videos but never sub , because let's be honest , who wants to have this filthy piece of shit in his sub box next to all the minecrafters and gay vlogers channels
Обожаю этого чувака и его рэпчик! Респект из России!
Still watching in 2016 AMIRITE
so thats how you make rice balls XD
Dosen't matter who Frank is being portrayed as/called, his shit is str8 fire either way
reminds me of Odd Future
lets sing but not actually sing cos im so fuckin cool and edgy and chinese u chink fuck
great content george miller you really satiated the thirst of all these 12 year olds you think are your only fans.... top notch content george
+TVFilthyFrank b0ss, are you planning dropping a new album? if yes, when? i love all your songs man! :D and this one took the cake :)
frank this beat is fucking awesome
Faggot
no fucking seaweed
more music please
#Bles
George the amount of girl dedicating themselves to you is crazy, ironically (ironis bcz youve made like really fucked up how to's on getting girls)
i need tat azzzzz
Dear papa, where did you get your Ph.D. In Internet retardation? I wish to go there
Welcome to the tether dome; The upper echelon, investin' on these large balls. 

I got these pussy bitches waiting like the japanese. Killer whales, humpbacks and these narwhals.

 I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers. I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers. I'm just trying to strangle these... 

This the beat blop, you make the beat flop. Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got:


the beat droppin' harder than your son's balls at 12. Not to mention that we harder than Viagra with the big cock. 

I'll fuck you in the mouth again. I'll let you know that I'm a schizo I be hearin' shit, 

so don't be fuckin' me cause bet you ass I'm hearin' it. (oh) When I get done with you, I'll make sure that your celibate. 

(agouhg) Fuck your dog, I can smack E.T. and I'll fuck you with the radiator pipe. (huh, what is that too rude?) 

I'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses. I'm runnin' up in the premises helpin' you tie your nooses,

 'cause all of you fucks the coolest and do not know how to do this. I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses

like oh... Like oh... 

Oh... Oh... (yeah) 

I fuck around for money like a cam-whore; jerk it to my titties pop it off on some gay shit. 

I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or beat their fucking teeth 'cause they raise shit. 

You sound like: "I never respect my kids and I raise the piece of shit and I drop the my kids off at soccer practice (yeah) every Tuesday."

(ogh) This one's for the folks that be dead inside. Mini-golf champion, you got no drive. Player, 

fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline. I only work with paper like a fax machine. (ahh) 

I'm on the car's hoods screaming like a mammal whippin' through the flannel, burning ass on my chest with the camels. 

I'm here to be an act not a role model. Don't be fuckin' cryin' when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle. 

I'm just chillin' making rice balls erryday. I'm a simple man; I don't need a microwave...

I don't need a microwave... I don't need a microwave... 

I don't need a microwave... I don't need a microwave... 

'Cause I'm already heated (that's not funny)  

(aaoghoaagh. We want real music. We want real music. We want Joji music. aaoghaaogh) 

Bro I didn't even know real and fake music existed. I mean, I think it's like your fault for... Putting that shit into categories.

 know like, music is music if you don't think this is real music, that's your fuckin' you problem. 

Like I... Who says I can't drop shit while... making uh culinary, funny video at the same time. 

You know. Whatever man. It's your boy Pink Guy, Pink OMega whatever the fuck you wanna call me. I don't give a fuck. 

Comin' at you again. Still doin' that wacky crazy shit bro ay, ay, ain't nothing changed. So see you next time.
IM EATING DORITOS HIS LYF HAX VIDEO WAS UNAPPETIZING I LIKE THIS GUY BUT FOOD COMES FIRST IM GOING BACK TO PEWDS
Frank, get off the cigs man... not cool...
I wonder who cleans all that stuff, also must be really hard to clean it. Must be even harder to prepare all that mess, it looks perfect. Great video m90.
franku san this is fire
Frank made me a song on my birthday.
Franku, Poods has noticed ur arse.
lol owned. thats lil jon alright
that's what I'm talking about
I like joji's real personality and I'm happy he has his frank personality. His real personality should get more respect. He is a real person. It isn't just frank. Frank is only a character. Remember that. Loved the song btw George.
Collab with Tyler the Creator some time maybe?
faggot stop smoking 
use meth
ONIGIRI-san
Do a video with Miranda Sings
F I R E ????
Reminds me of that sweet beat at the end of Jungle Boy. Glad we ended up getting to hear more of that sweet baritone action after all. Keep it up Papa.
Luv This Song
this is worse than the joji vlogs
Over 1 million views in only 3 days wow just wow
dude no one realized this sounds like tron cat, like the rhythm in the middle idk.
Lyrics pls
Ayb0ss, can I have the riceballs pls?
HOLYSHIT we 4k now!!!
FilthyFucks have gone a long way...
I miss the shitty quality and bad camera angle(s).
Frank too hollywood now.
this channel is fucked.
Everyone in my class listens to shit music and I listen to real music like this!!!11!11!
Let's see how long it takes before the bro army leaves our shitty show alone.
ƪ(˘⌣˘)┐ ƪ(˘⌣˘)ʃ ┌(˘⌣˘)ʃ    yes bOss
Yes
This was actually very well produced. Gud on u m8
I'll be completely honest, at first I was one of the people commenting "Hey, that's pretty good". But now I realize how fucking retarded and annoying that is to repeatedly comment on  e v e r y t h i n g.
prod. me
Why'd the name change?
Franku Oliver on 24kitchen.
buy my mix tape bruh
Is it weird if I think this song is semi good
Kill me
are u John lennon?
€¥>>>£¥™™^€¢°`÷{£@
€¥>>>£¥™™^€¢°`÷{£@
This so dirty it should get a life sentence for pulling a Jared Fogle
Hilarious and original
I can't feel my face when I sniff glue but I love it
this was awesome!
(•_•) .. .        What the fuck you                                 (\ \___( •_•) looking at? Keep
_// _// \ \ .   Scrolling
I'm waiting 4 Franku-senpai's cinematic movie :v
this is somehow really fuckin artistic, you can tell how much work you put into this lmao. good shit i guess keep making them minecraft vids fam im subscribed for more fifa
I wish you'd show up more in your video's, like the real you George, but your videos are still great keep doing what you do man.
dear filthy frank fuck you asshole and happy new year 
-with love: me
After watching that "WEIRD MCDONALDS RAP" what he says in the end is so true
you actually sound a lot like Logic in this song :p
I like it when Pink guy does that crazy wacky shit.
:'( We want real music,we want REAL MUSIC WE WANT JOJI MUSIC :'((
I love Bee
yassssss
funny fag
hope u smoke 10 cigarettes during anyone licks ur nipples
Now im hungry
Wow its been a whole 15 years or so since Bush did 9/11
as funny and amazing this is, is there an instrumental version?
Easiest fap in my life
You are the only youtuber I know that gets the same amount of views per video as the subscribers you have.
Does Pink Guy listen to DeMarco?
it seems like yesterday you had 100,000 subs
I kinda want to see Tyler the creator do a track with pink guy ,and maybe feature dirt nasty on it
Well then, I feel this lacked the standard autism
You okay, Joji?? You seem depressu-san desu.
Can we have the full beat?
i just listen this music 10  fucking time
Beat and rapping style reminds me of tylerthecreator
this was posted in my birthday...thank you for the erection
Frank the Creator
this sounds like tyler's and earl's mixtape had a baby
Franku why u no in 2015 utub rewind wtf;(
George is a living breathing meme machine, every fucking pose or face he does is priceless... well played Franku desu.
Heaven
guess I'm guilty of asking for "serious" music too, lol. dude, you got a lot of talent, man. keep doing what you've been doing for years
LIT
pink guy, you will die if you keep smoking.
You're a fucking Artist, the lyrics, the editing just suberb man ... suberb.
A burger sack, Kick a grandma in the back, Yes! I sniff crack... 2+1= Autism divide that by 2= Cancer.
straight bars😂
this is the greatest thing ever luv u
Damn, Pink Guy really looks like Frank. I think it's his new shoes
He should join odd future
dude this beat is really good. it would be so awesome if you could upload just the beat. i mean the lyrics is funny and awesome but the beat just wins.
Looks like we got to see what Pink guy does in his spare time when you aren't summoning him. I like him a lot more. So much back story in one song man. Pink guy is a mother fucking gangster.
if that medicine beat is yours idk it's hard to tell, but I'm pretty sure it is. A rap on that would be cool.
japanese don't need microwave to eat some onigiri too.
Frank i migt be high ahs fuck right nwo on cociane and aids but irjs just watned to lejt you know uyo hav rel talent i love u we shuld sex pm me at mcdonalds application websitje thanks
The relationship between content creators and consumers will always be hard. You cant please everyone. Do you, if people stick around, cool, if not, Fuck em'
can i habe cancer plz
chinchin is japanese slang for penis
the only people who find filthy frank funny are non romanians
Make a vid talking shit about Koreaboos and obsessed Kpop fans , make it as disgustingly provoking as the Weaboos vid or even more provoking , let's see if you can take it to the next level !!!!!!!!
Make a vid talking shit about Koreaboos and obsessed Kpop fans , make it as disgustingly provoking as the Weaboos vid or even more provoking , let's see if you can take it to the next level !!!!!!!!
Yes.
you're really amazing
fireeeee
This MF nigga drop that supa hawt 🔥 goddayumm boii - metro boomin wont sum moar fam
+TVFilthyFrank I would love to see George in a Filthy Frank video like in the How to Win A Girl's Heart thing you did. 
Also why did you delete your SoundCloud?
60fps? What are you fucking gay?
3:03 pink guy's internal struggle to decide if he should hit the cigarette or take another bite of the rice ball
I like my beats the way I like my booty. fat.
I love you. I want to have your babies. Please. <3
This is the hypest rapper with down syndrome I ever seen
Ayyy,frank PewDiePie finally reacted to the butt tattoo video
He's a SPIRITUAL LYRICAL MIRACLE.
His kitchen is cleaner than my kitchen.
love it
Cool guy of 2016 filthy frank
u talk horrible and rap with a gods a voice
Frank Is Half Asian
frank I love your Sh*t keep it up
make an instrumental
what program did you use to make this beat?
2:25 Papu can I make that my new steam profile pic?
Personally, I haven't been able to watch the newer videos the same. I find the humor isn't the same as it used to be. I don't know if he's trying to appeal to the growing audience, or maybe he's just evolving into another style of comedy. Anyways, that's not the point. I like things like this; where he keeps it real. I really did like this Joji vlogs, and the swag Joji. Unfortunately, he's decided to take those down. I hope you do more things like this in the future. Keep up the good work fam.
-Hentai
he reminds me of tyler the creator
Remember when papi franku didn't live like a pig? Ya.. Me neither.
Bro FUCK everyone, make shit YOU want to make, be selfish it's alright to be selfish, you make fuckin dope music funny or serious, don't focus about your fuckin fans and shit, people are fuckin asshole eating pricks, fuck em they're faggots, I vibe to your music heavy and I really wanna hear more but only some shit you want to/enjoy making.
LYRICS FOR YOU SICK FUCKS
ENJOY
******************************************************************************************************************************
Welcome to the Teledome, the upper echelon invested on these large balls,
I got these pussy bitches wavin' like the Japanese,
killer whales, humpbacks and these narwhals,
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers (x2)
I'm just tryna strangle these-
This the bleep-blop, you make the beat flop,
Breathin' more cushion than the seat got so we got the beat drop,
and harder than your son's balls at 12 
not to mention that we harder than Viagra with the big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again, I'll let you know that I'm a Skitz so I be hearin' shit
so don't be fuckin' me cuz bet your ass I'm giving it,
when I get done with you I make sure that your celibate, (ewwwwww)
fuck you dawg I can smack-a your teet, and I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe. (Heh...what is that too rude?)
I'm a fuckin' nuisance with different types of abuses I'm runnin' up in the premises helpin' you tie your nooses,
cuz all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage then put my finger in pusses 
Like oohhh (2x)
oohhh (2x)
Yo, I fuck around for money like a Cam-Whore, jerk it to my titties pop it off on some gay shit!
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or beat their fucking teeth in cuz they raise shit!
You sound like, "I never spank my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday."
This is for the folks that be dead inside, mini golf champion you ain't got no drive, playa
Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline, I only work with paper like a fax machine, uh
I'm on the cars hood screaming Micheal Mammal,
rippin' through the flannel burn a NASA on a chest plate of camels I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HE SAID THERE
I'm here to be an act not a role model, don't be fucking crime when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle,
I'm just chillin' making rice balls erry day, I'm a simple man I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave (x4)
cuz I'm already heated. (that's not funny!)
******************************************************************************************************************************
Not gonna write the last part cuz its really just him talking.
Like to spread cancer awareness.
im only FOURTTEEN and i wish people in MY GENERATIPN would APPRACIATE THIS
The best cooking show out there on the youtube, he taught me how to make rice balls.
instrumentals please b0ss
Pewdiepie just spread his cancer of 8 year olds to your channel.
I was not expecting such a fucking good beat. nice man
Do you post your beats online? I love it. You are very talented. This would be so fun to freestyle with.
Thanks frank ! Now I finally know how to make riceballs
holy shit man you are great. thanks for pumping out a bunch of videos and making me cry :^) take it easy b0ss
Fuckin love it
Be my daddy
honestly Frank this is good motivation because your songs are not actually pg-13 they are rated R but I mean if you actually get a deal with Spotify I'm pretty sure this could pay off and work out pretty well in your favor and get you quite a bit of money off of making songs like these!
Will you do more rants Frank? Franku Franku Franku GAWD
Thanks for stepping your shit up to higher framerates daddy :*
Lets all send papa a dollar so he can be a millionaire and make golden rice balls
2:36 - 3:13 I fucking love you
When you gonna drop that new mixtape nigga
Wasn't this the beat in "pink guy dance"?
Pink Guy's fire always makes me moist.
does anyone else think that he should be in odd future
10/10.
I love you
beat making skillz: perfection
kylo ren theme
This deserves a God Damn FUCKING Grammy.
You don't have to explain yourself to these faggots papa franku. We always loved you. Fuck the h8ters
Nice reference to the goat Chali 2na in the first line
PLEASE make a vid for JUST the beat. Please.

I love this beat way too much!!
eat my asshole
Better rapper than Ksi
New camera?
Isn't this guy Chinese?
Just coming back to watch this for the 50th time
hey, he can actually rap good.. he can prob be a big hit too
this sounds like a chance the rapper flow
We will lick and snort everything you shit out for us <3
sick, joji. i hope to hear more in the future.
Papa Franku do something about Yandere Simulator cancer. Pls.
Finally posted a new vid you nigger faggot.
Can I have some of the samples and the rap samples please for a remix?
hothothothot
tbh FilthyFrank is the only reason why i didnt kill myself already
RAW RAW RAWR RAWR BEAT BEAT BEAT BEAT.
why do people care if he makes Music you don't like let him make content he wants to make
Oh god I came so hard
The thumbnail makes it seem like you are gonna go on a rant, change it to make it seem more like the thumbnail of a song
Good video!
Clean your dojo though.
I hate you
do boom beach gameplay
It's hilarious that pink guy is an excellent rapper (as if there are any) but when he's talking it's just EY B0SS and NYEEEEEEEEES
I am not nigga but yellow
Its Pepper Time!
A+ for effort
Dizastamusic
just to let you know, I cry myself to sleep every night just knowing I will never be the pure god of filth and bangin' raps that Pink Guy is. It's gotten to the point where every time I see the color pink I pop a massive boner and excrete a mixture of cum and piss as I salivate uncontrollably. Your raps are the sour but delicious breast milk of the voluptuous teet of my ears' desire. Please continue to allow Pink Guy to rap or else I will surely commit a double suicide of me and my Pink Guy body pillow.
Can someone tell me where he got that piano sample during the breakdown?
that bari sax
i like this stuff, but i think you should just leave this profile to your social experiments, rants and other shit. i think you should create a separate channel for your music.
I love to watch autism in 1080p 60fps, woohoo.
GIVE US A NEW CAMERA RANT!!!!
Can someone tell me where can find the beat
Better than Drake!
btw I will freestyle audition if I have to prove myself
sexy
"Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline, I only work with paper like a fax machine."

Pure ass gold, Filthy Frank. Pure ass gold.
He's an Internet rapper!
Get that OddFuture scholarship nigga
we want real joji music!
I wish it let me like twice...
he threw hella shade at people who want joji
I've watched this video over 20 times in the past three days it's come out and I'm going to continue watching it I love the music the funny lyrics and the video I just can't. Stop. Watching.
the beat is filthy as frank. dirty bastard
Great Video made me laugh
DAMN THAT BARI
Perfect
tyler vibes in the bridge but the rest is just childish gambino all the way
Favorited.....
aps are truley Honorary WHITES!
Your place looks pretty cozy.
I love George/Joji and I don't want him to die of lung cancer
MOM GET THE CAMERA HE HIT, OMFG HE HIT
Also post the beat PLEEEASE
Dunk a'f'
Add the lyrics to this pleeeeasr
60fps, franky confirmed masterrace.
needs to be a filthy Frank ft odd future
This was awesome! I really love Frank's music. Please make more!
Any of my reptilian brothers here?
What if joji is really bout that life and we dont know it
o
PAPU FRANK
is it just me or is the law-luh-lobby shit sorta similar to wutang clan?
That was really good, omg.
If we dropped three more nukes in Japan, there would be four Papa Frankus right now.
lmfao
Fuck, production goooood
THAT BASS IS OVER 9000 

R.I.P Headphone users
Still better then KSI's shitty af songs
Here comes pewdiepies autistic fandom, run for your fucking life
This guy is fucking gay as hell!!!! Jesus kid your a 50 yr old man smoking in an apartment and making rice balls for a living hang ur self FAG TOT UR A BITCH ASS HOMO
so that's what your real voice sounds like
Cool song. You should bring back jojivlogs. I liked how not everything you did was filthy frank and you would post stuff without the voice and not everything had be really crazy shit you know. I liked the vlogs and i think it would be nice to see some george.
Well Put your dick into my ear hole and call me Johnny "The Ear God" francis the' Third. This was pretty damn good!
Pink Guy don't make his own rhymes.
i like this beat
papi poodie watched ur vid and sed it was copirite be careful daddy
You're a better rapper than KSI
1 mill in 3 days?

holy fuck.
Man, your songs are soooo good. Nasty beats, great rapping. Please post more stuff to the PinkOmega channel!
1:12 - 1:30 
Fucking love it
This beat burned down my house aka my box near the subway
Shit, pewdiepie fags are coming from pewdiepie a video, shit, abort, abort!
https://soundcloud.com/sawyer_k3mp I await orders lord Franku.
Frank, non-autistic people are finding this channel. All those Pewdiepie fanboys and coming. We must either hide or defend ourselves. I hope we are ready.
pink guy. is getting big
I honestly need to rethink my life after watching the 2nd video I've seen on FilthyFrank's channel.
why I cut
Where is vomit cake video?
Thanks to Pewdiepie your fanbase will reach maximum autism, congrats
Good video, but I didn't understand shit lol
title changed because otaku's fucking screamed, just end my shit homeslice
dude dont smoke its bad!
Hey frank, when are we going to see the other characters again? Safari man, lemon, etc.  and chromosomes, realms...  Just sayin...
The walk-in bathroom scene at the beginning of the video was hilarious. That bathroom is 5 stars!
lol fucking Joji, youre the one calling it "real music" when you said, that youll make two albums, the pink guy one and a "real" one for the other fanbase. Cunt
I love you frank i don't care if my parents don't want me to watch you I do anyway 🎶👍🏾
This reminds me of Tyler the creator for some reason...
dope song frank
More fire than 99% of bonfied rappers
top grade shit man
He sounds weird with his real voice...
Video quality A++ but the beat sounds kinda repetitive, i've listened (and loved) the old pink guy album and most of the beats where similar to this... you need to refresh yo style papa
you arent even filthy anymore frank wheres the good shit wheres the filthy shit cmon frank
is he new york?
Pink Guy Album 2 cumifirmed?
what a nigger faggot
BRING BACK SANTA'S BROTHER
broke fuck can't even afford parliaments. wut a jew
Lyrics?
I haven't killed someone sence 2010.
#tybg
fire emoji
Make a "chef-cake" ples papa, and this is one of my favorite pink guy raps other from top ramen :D
Lets go to the lobby guys :D
Lyrics pls b0ss
THIS IS FUCKED WHEN YOUR HIGH
looks like he bought a new pink suit
delicious.
tacos
Is there a new Pink Guy album coming out?
I learned how to make onigiri thanks to this video
fRANKU SAMA DYE YOUR HAIR PINK THANK YOU PLEASe
fuck you joji go back to the dumpster
I need to be able to download this
Neato Cheerio, keep it up papi
Took you long enough to make more music faggot.
a lot of fucking pewdiepie fans are comming to ruin ur channel
that movie theater beat is so fucking awesome.
Lung cancer intensifies
OH JOJI PLS TAKE ME
this guy is so fucking hot I don't even care
new to this hilarious channel, herro!
Frank b0ss plz dont lose the lore and the story behind your videos ! we love the get into your realms !
Btw go to pewdiepies video reacting to your vid and comment som random shit
This was actually good
this better blow up. this is some good shit
The most offensive thing about Franku's videos has always been the fact that he wastes food. I don't know, that's unacceptable to me. Food is fucking holy. It's always bothered me, seeing food being wasted.

Aside from my boring opinion, love the video!
Ive listened to this like 9 times in a row
Oh fck me when did you get 1 mil subs??? Skrub:)
Noticed by Senpai Pewds
ツナサラダ
Thank you George. You have sacrificed so much of your time for our pleasure. Your content has helped me through the years. In fact the song "kill yourself" prevented me from actually hanging myself.
 The ridicule of suicide made me rethink my decisions and helped me through my depression. Of course it wasnt only you entirely, but the full picture of your content helped me realize that things werent that bad. 
My fedora is fully tipped mlady.
MORE PLEASE OMG
That lobby sample is sick as fuck
DUDE YES THE BASs I LOVE IT and damn dude adobe cc ?
wtf xD
This video gave me AIDS
Australian tyler...a+ papa franku
i also made rice balls but didn't put the ash in, now they failed, is the cigarette really a key ingredient?
awesome!
Riceballs or sticky rice is actually really nice, eat it with chicken and you'll sure to have a blast!
I like to masturbate while watching your vids papa franku
Wow this is pretty good
Frank plz react to pewds reacting to u
new ringtone
y this shit go hard tho 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🚯
need instrumental version, papa pls
Last time something dropped this hard George Bush Declared War
This is actually kind sick!  make more filthyfrank
We Love ya too man, thank you fo this.
papa frankus been lifting
How did he make the beat? I mean what program did he use?
PEWDIEPIE JUST REACTED TO YOUR BUTT TATTOO VIDEO WATCH IT NOW.
AYE FILTHY PEWDIEPIE REACTED TO YOUR ASS TATTO VIDEO DAT BITCH DIDNT APPROVE
nice song Joji
*Marry me * LOL
This was pleasing to listen to. 6/10 x
On one hand it's kinda weird to have one of the best musicians (I've seen) to be making music in a pink skin tight lycra suit.
On the other hand pink guy spits super hot fire and I really like this style. Like.... So much...
And it's not even like a "produce more" thing, it's more of a "I'm glad to be able to witness the movement" kind of thing.
Toppest kek pink guy, spitting more fire than a dragon.
You know I'd so buy this song and listen to it on the go. This shit was dope.
Plz get this signed 10/10 radio hippity hop scotch shit
wtf I was sitting here thinking this channel is like, not my thing, childish n shit. then I saw this like wtf this is genuinely decent
Just make music whatever
the voice of an angel
Filthy
Show papa some mad support dawg, if he saw you on the streetz he'd want you in this! http://www.redbubble.com/people/puppetassassin/works/19998372-filthy-frank-shirt?ref=recent-owner
the bars 2 high mang
THE BASS FK ME
I have nothing but the utmost respect for you and what you want to do and love the music you make, so you do you bro. I'll just sit back and enjoy the ride
You should make a video about furries being the most cancerous part of society
Yeh I totally heard BMO say Finn during this song
Pewdiepie brought me here.
wasn't this the beat that was used briefly in Human Ramen
You're music is the only reason I watch your channel anymore. I love it. I used to think the Filthy Frank stuff was funny but It's childish to me now. I still think it's great that you're doing cause you know, you do you, man. Anyway, Just trying to let you know I love your music and I hope you keep at it.
1:25 sounds like bmo
Filthy Frank is the savior of the internet
filthy frank is ok, but the amount of filthy frank fans that flood csgo that are often no older than 13 that try to be like him aren't.
ur voice is gold man
smooth
rawr xD
This was exceptionally filthy..
prepare for pewdiepie fans
"we want joji music"?
lmfao
i've never seen a person insult their own fanbase so much
Duz pink guy live in the bathtub?
fire FIRE EVERYWHERE ON THIS TRACK
please make a video about the furries they are trying to take over
this is actually one of my favorite songs its pretty fucking moist
HOLTY SHIT
w-where da subtitles ( ⚆ _ ⚆ )
Every hour we get closer to the day that Frank makes a cringe video reaction on his second channel...to one of his own videos. It just seems like, over time, George is starting to hate his own fan base for the "ey b0ss" type of shit more and more, and it's hard to blame him.
Dang this song makes me sad now
bars
floobit
well since pewdiepie promoted your channel, now some kids probably will think its funny.
Okay no
Them beats are fucking sick. 1:11 was smooth as fuck.
Pink omega
You funny 👍👌
Damn this song sounds like classic Tyler the creator ala 2008-2010
ngl he's gonna make 2016 straight up fire
This is almost as good as Arik and Marik
iTunes please b0ss
WTF is this shit? lmao
Muh... Muh furth wall. Jk I appreciate the fact that you are willing to address the viewer's complains and refer to yourself as joji. It's like telling the viewers to grow up. I love it. Keep it up homie.
Frank's music is pretty great
I LOVE YOU FRANKUUU
After watching this 6 times, i finally noticed his broken house
PinkOmega > PinkGuy
+
Dude
Yiou should totally start putting your shit on itunes and make some bare dollar
do your fucking dishes
When you payed off your child support.
When you payed off your child support.
I'm always impressed at the quality of the production in your songs and it doesn't help that they are actually pretty good if it wasn't for the silly lyrics in most cases. 

 You guys are pretty fucking talented even though you spend a lot of time making fucked up videos. Cheers to the Filthy crew!
1 mil  veiws 
nice
COLAB WITH TYLER
who came here after pewds?
They play "Let's all go to the lobby" at my local theater that goes with a little cartoon
happy new year papa franku
Im fucking try and get tyler the creator to notice you filthyfrank
pink guy 2???
Pewdiepie uploaded a vid about the bro fist on the guys ass XD
frank literally just mocks himself and says how stupid we r for finding this shit funny
Sick beats bro
I really fucking like this.
WEARING PINK IS GAY AND GAY IS WRONG JESUS SAID SO IN THE BIBLE
GAY IS WRONG JESUS SAID SO IN THE BIBLE
JESUS IS GOD
noice
Did the riceball taste good tho
Good way to start off 2016!
Aww hell yeah man
One million+ in fes days, this shit is becaming mainstream lol
release a seperate version with just the sick lobby remix
starting to look like lil dicky but awesome video
>INB4 NORMIES
It's coming, you know it.
What re u, fkn fagt?
Bluntony Weedtano review this pls :*
This reminds me so much of Tyler the Creator
pink guy album 2??
CAN WE HAVE A DOWNLOAD FOR THE INSTRUMENTAL PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
is that his real voice
This is actually a pretty legit song
INGREDIENTS

For the Ragù
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 pound ground beef
1/2 cup chopped onion
Salt
1/4 cup grated carrots
1/4 cup finely diced celery
One 14-ounce can Italian plum tomatoes (preferably San Marzano) with juice, crushed
1 teaspoon tomato paste
1/2 teaspoon crushed hot red pepper
1 cup fresh or frozen peas
For the Rice
5 cups Chicken Stock (page 74), canned reduced-sodium chicken broth or water
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
2 cups short-grain rice, such as Carnaroli or Arborio
4 large eggs
2 cups grated Pecorino Romano cheese
To Coat and Fry the Rice Balls
2 eggs
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 cups fine, dry bread crumbs
2/3 cup vegetable oil
1/3 cup olive oil, plus extra for frying


PREPARATION

Make the ragù (up to 3 days in advance)
Heat 1/4 cup olive oil in a 3-quart saucepan over medium heat. Crumble in the meat and add the onion. Cook, stirring often, until the water given off by the meat is evaporated and the meat and onion begin to brown, about 10 minutes.
Season the beef and onion lightly with salt. Stir in the carrots and celery and continue cooking until the vegetables are tender, about 10 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes, tomato paste, red pepper, and salt to taste. Adjust the heat to simmering and continue cooking, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 30 minutes. If the sauce starts sticking to the pan at any time during cooking, stir in a few tablespoons of water. Stir in the peas and cook until they are very tender, about 10 minutes for frozen peas and 20 minutes for fresh peas. The finished ragù should be dense and reduced. Remove and cool to room temperature.
While the ragù is cooling, make the rice
Bring the stock or water and 2 tablespoons olive oil to a boil in a 3-quart saucepan. Stir in the rice, return the water to boil, then adjust the heat to simmering. Cook the rice, uncovered, until al dente—tender but firm—about 12 minutes. Drain the rice and spread out on a tray to cool to room temperature. When the rice is cool, scrape it into a mixing bowl and beat in the 4 eggs and the grated cheese.
Take a handful (about 1/3 cup) of the cooled rice mixture and shape it into a small ball in the palm of your hand. Make a well in the center of the ball and drop in 1 tablespoon of the ragù. Work the rice so that it completely encloses the ragù, and re-form the rice into a smooth ball. Continue forming arancine with the remaining rice and ragù.
Whisk the 2 eggs in a mixing bowl. Spread the flour on one plate and the bread crumbs on another, in an even layer.
Dredge a few of the rice balls in flour to coat all sides. Tap off excess flour. Roll the rice balls in the beaten egg to coat, allowing any excess egg to drip back into the bowl. Finally, roll the rice balls in the bread crumbs, pressing lightly to coat evenly with the crumbs. Remove to a clean baking sheet. Repeat with the remaining rice balls.
If you’d like to serve the rice balls hot, heat the oven to 200° F or to the lowest setting. Line a baking sheet with a double thickness of paper towels. Pour the vegetable oil and olive oil into a deep skillet. Insert a deep-frying thermometer in the oil and heat the oil over medium heat to 375° F. (If you are working without a thermometer, test the temperature as directed below.) Once the oil reaches temperature, adjust the heat under the pot to maintain a steady temperature.
If you’re not working with a thermometer, test the temperature of the oil by dipping a rice ball in the oil. It should give off a lively but steady sizzle. If nothing happens, the oil isn’t hot enough; if the oil around the bread-crumb coating boils and sputters, the oil is too hot. Adjust the heat accordingly.
When the oil comes to temperature, carefully slip about a third of the rice balls into the oil. Fry, turning as necessary with tongs or a slotted spoon, until golden brown and crisp on all sides, about 4 minutes. Remove to the paper-towel-lined baking sheet, keeping them hot in the oven if you like. Fry the remaining rice balls. The arancine can be served hot or at room temperature.




NORMIES GET OUT REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Pewdiepie watched the tattoo video 😂
Pewdiepie made a video on that butt tattoo video lol
i already said it once but i gotta say it again. George is actually musicaly talented. He just decides to screw around in between. But yeah i fully support this and hopefully he decides to get an album together again. Good luck in 2016 b0ss
yo frank you cunt, you ever heard of eyedea? also stella is the drink of kings.
let's all go to the lobby!
franku am dissapointed i found  a hacker under pink guy's name
franku cook book or RIOT!
filthy frank fan girl. yeah I said it. I think he's hot.
balls
wow his room is a mess, dat kitchen O.-O
Please make a video about furries.
instrumental pls
It's like putting a Nujabes beat with Lil Jon lyrics. 1:14

meh.
Flames 🔥🔥🔥
I wish you were on Spotify. Most def I'd listen to it
I'd buy this song on iTunes for sure.
this is my jam fam.
Maaaaaaaan the beat!
this makes me hornyyy
Frank ur beard is growing. Especially the neck beard.
BRs fãs do papa franku?
Hey I'm looking for some niggerfaggots, are there any here?
Dear pink guy,                 


Can I scratch your neck beard?
Does anyone else smell something burning?
Is are is drugs.
Pink Alpha
THIS IS FFIRE MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE RIGHT NOW
1:12 is the tyler part.
Pewdiepie FINALLY reacted to your friends ass tattoo
Those fucking glasses
Waiting for hate comments...
82k likes, 700 dislikes. 1m views. Filthy is god
Nothing but HOT FIRE! 
Watch out before you start a forest fire Papa Franku
This is actually pretty good.
It's criminal to look that good in a pink spandex suit
I want your tiny Japanese dick in my ass dad
you're so cool frank i wanna be you
Who believes Filthy Frank should cover the "PC Master Race" assholes?
Awesome music man.
aye
You guys remember when this videos name was Onigiri? I sure do
does anyone know what the piano sample from 1:12 - 1:34 is?? I know i've heard it from somewhere...O.O it fit in perfectly, well done Franku you have a nice ear for music :D
This is the shit.
is this a cigarette commercial
dis iz reel music not my generation bullshat xDD
bring back joji and real music
more ochinchin sacrificez
pusi

there, i think i covered all the comments, let me know if i missed any
I LOVE your music videos with food!!! LOOVE ITTTT!!! Plus good music. Catchy and you can tell you're having fun, so it makes it more enjoyable.
"fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline"

Trying to get your hidden islam propoganda into a song Frank? Fuck off.
I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE! CAUSE IM ALREADY HEATED'' NAILED ITTT
2016 will be the best year in Papa Franku's storied YouTube career.
why the fuck i can subscribe just 1 time? i hate you youtube
Franku, please find the man named George "Joji" Miller and put him in the next video.
FUCK YEAH 1080p60fps vid from papa franku
FILTHY FRANK I WOULD HONESTLY KISS YOU IF I SAW YOU IN REAL LIFE. YOU'RE SEXY ASF. I THINK U TURNED ME GAY
Pink guy should rap with my brother there mixtape will blow up the earth
rise boobs
amaaaaaazing quality! keep it up !
Pewdiepie watched your "Dumbass gets his butt a Pewdie tattoo" (?) sorry don't remember the title 😂
Shit was fuckin' dope I ain't even finna lie #2Filthy
Hey, how to become like you but  without being such a deepshit?
Hwelcome to the Thunderdome.
beats fire
Hungry rice balls could have eaten those African children !
Did the Pink guy get a bigger penis or did his suit get loose?
FRANK THE PEWDIEPIE FAGGOTS ARE COMING
How do you say "Crack house" in japanese. Because that's how it looks like.

We will miss your videos when you end college. :' )
What a fucking rap god
top 10 anime themes
needs MOAR Chin Chin!!
If I had to describe this in one word it would be 'Art'
production quality getting much better
Oh my god, please upload more Franku
srsly the beats make me wet
IM 14 AND I DONT LISTEN TO THIS NEW SHIT OOOOOOH YEA I HOPE U UNDERSTAND LET ME MASTURBATE TO NIRVANA POSTERS AND IM RUNNING AWAY FROM THIS GENERATION
Top notch flow
Good lyrics
powerful delivery

Papa franku is better than your fav rapper lol
this was dope
Anyone else watching in 2013?  Old video still good.
Fucking KSI needs to suck on this.
nice cooking video
the filter makes his shitty apartment look so deep and grunge im killing myself
Ey boss can I habe the rice balls plz
That beat yoooo, is it anywhere on youtube??
ありがとう
Guys a shit video looks fucking AMAZING.
That's some great video editing skills Frank , good job bro
Some love from italy ♥
smh cigarettes in kids could've eaten that Africa
I think joji is getting tired of being idolized
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
John Lennon = Pink Guy confirmed
pink guy dropping beats like they a dead man's balls
1:11 to 1:34
Fucking chills.
go die in a hole you damn jackass
Someone should make typography videos for Pink Guy raps, if well done they would be amaaaazing
Pink guy needs his own singing and cooking channel
Frank pewds watched ur butt tattoo vid go watch his reaction! react to his reaction XD
that bridge with the piano chords meng :''')
1.5 mil fucked up individuals... Congrats.
bari sax. cigarette. sly.
Pink Guy is the prince that was promised.
Is it me or Pink Guy look like Zlatan Ibrahimovic
god I fucking love your videos. I got my friend addicted to your channel.
This is fucking fire keep spittin bars frank
u cant eat my balls. ;)
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ 
         like if you're watching this in FUCK MY DEAD MOTHER 
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
iTunes? Plz frank.... 0-0 I need your guidance
Wow that ending was killer.
Ohhhh Frunk. You give me a stiffy everyday.
Kids in Africa could've eated those cigarettes!
after watching your videos I stopped beating the shit out of my kids.


I just made them watch your videos.

they bagged that I will beat the shit out of them.
I don't care who says what but this is freak'n hilarious
what the shit was this filmed on the quality was amazing
I love this.
"I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pussies"
Joji...
pewdiepie made a video reaction on the butt tattoo video you famous filthy frank
Real art
Papa Franku got noticed by Pewdiepie
this is such art
+tvfilthyfrank ......I would love to make an album with you
I love this more than serious rap. It's fucking hilarious and fun to listen to.
Keep your shit up nigga.
hey he's back
PINK OMEGA #1
Happy New Year papa Franku
nice chin beard faggot
you sound a little bit like jaden smith
He is like Tyler the creator
Lol people really get on your case for this kind of "fake" music? S'good shit regardless, mate.
It's like you've become a weird japanese version of a ghetto-rapper, it's FRANKly amazing.
How many times have you been in custody??
FRANK pewdiepie made a video reacting to your pewdiepie tattoo!!!! Bro he's noticed you!!! Your senpai noticed you!!!
Franku , can you do a second album?
the piano part beat feel like a tyler song...
back when the video was called ONIGIRI
Brace yourselves, PewDiePie fanbase is coming.
WAIT WHAT????!! THIS SHIT IS ACTUALLY FIRE!!!!!!
Someone should make a lyric video to this
I like this music keep it up  Franku, music does not have to be " serious " to be good.
damn...he is good
Filthy Frank ft. Tyler the creator
always spitting that fire bruh! still love you're beats
#bringbackjojivlogs
Watch out! PewDiePie subscribers INC...
Where can I get this amazing beat?
how is this beautiful
The five best rappers of all time: Pink Guy, Pink Guy, Pink Guy, Pink Guy, and Pink Guy because he spits hot fire!
Where else on YouTube will you find a guy in a pink body suit, making rice balls, smoking with blue shades on while rapping at the same time. Exactly, nowhere. Happy to be part of this army, nice song Franku
Frank I'm commenting on this video because I thought u would see it but everybody go check out pewdiepie he reacts 2 franks butt tattoo video it's hilarious tnk u frank 4 all the laughs
Filthy frank you legend! What a genius idea "Rice balls". That's all I'm goanna eat all my life!
PEWDIEPIE SENT ME HERE XDDDXDDDDD!!111 XD
Not going to lie this shit fire
I noticed a serious Flying Lotus influence at 1:24 for the jazzy melody
Someone else?
Pewdiepie reacted to your vid lmao
kind of reminds me of Shawn Wasabi but more dank
ur drunk
i dont Need microwave
really enjoyed the song. Glad its a longer track
Pink Omega LMFAO
Whatever happened to Prometheus, Red Dick, and Pooky? I loved those guys, Frank. You gotta bring them back.
Pink Guy Album II: The return of the b0ss
When?
I'd buy this single
fuck u can u put this shit on spotify u fucking faget
politicz real hip hop is still better
Hi George
Ur muy gud... Frank is killin it
Did i ever fucking regret subscribing!? Fuck yes i do ... but it is worth my soul , heil ChinChin , joji still being a Bawss
"I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE BECAUSE I'M ALREADY HEATED." OOOOOOHHHH.
Am I the only one who intends use the videos as recipes when I'm hungry?
Dope song chef!!
Dear frank you helped make the bad times good like when I was getting exercised and also when I blood of a thousand people flowed down out of my eyes like a river thank you hail hydra  good bye




Esyruf  fla aaragor
You're such a filthy fuck Frank, it's truly inspirational.
This video is amazing
"You make the beat flop, breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got, the beat drop" HOLY SHIT I'M FUCKING BURNT
Can someone give me the lyrics please?
roll me up and smoke me mister papa man
Straight bars bruh
OF vibe with a little logic = PINK OMEGA
is the bathtub scene a reference to ProleteR?
Frank you are my favourite culinary and music artist :-3
An African Child could've eaten that microwave.
this is real music!!!
This shit keeps getting better! I wanna finger fuck your rice balls :D
Frank you have done it again you made me lmao.😅
is there any lyrics? sick song, love the beat, very different imon
Beat is fucking FIRE
Rice b0ss
what cam is this fam the quality is fire
1:28 is that a fucking jar of Vegemite
I hooked this song up to my subwoofer, shit started falling off the shelf to say the least
Frank spittin that fire
hey frank.....................respect........respect
This is ART!
Make more videos like this
it's weird, this is actually a really well made video. Like, fuck sake Frank your channel is supposed to be garbage not professional looking. 

Seriously though, well done, I enjoyed this. Here's to 2016.
happy new year 

let the cancer and dank memes be with us in 2016
Why do you always wear those shades now.
FUCK YES. Thank u for this
Don't click read more!
░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░ 
░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄░░░░░░░░░ 
░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░ 
░░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒█░░░░░░░ 
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░ 
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█░░░░ 
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█░░░ 
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█░░ 
▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒█░ 
▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▌ 
▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▐ 
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌ 
▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░ 
▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀░░ 
▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░ 
▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ 
ayy lmao
Damn this reminds me of Tyler, The Creator, especially the ''I just wanna strangle these fuckers" part
holy shit
dope ass beat and amazing lyricism. how can Franku be so good at memes AND so good at music????
this shit went hard
DISCLAIMER- Please have a fire extinguisher next to your computer, put some protection on, call the fire department and get ready to pick some shit up. When this beat drops the fire is lit so you better be careful.
ok, we get it, you smoke
I can't tell if its the sleep deprivation, but this as edgy as fuck.
Hey I'm a hobby music producer/musician and I was wondering if you could show us the gear you use for music-- I noticed the Traktor sticker.  Big fan.
Using gun noise for the beat is fucking brilliant.
Franku is amazing at rap, but in such a weird way xD

I'd also like to note that this video has twice the views of most Strange Music videos, including a lot of Tech N9ne's stuff. Crazy.

Saying hat, Franku needs to fucking get signed into Strange Music.
Pink guy/Joji would be a the best member in Odd Future , he suits those guys
thas som good shit
cant wait for the tyler the creator and filthy frank team up
What music genre would you call this?
Sometimes i think you should stop making videos, they're not bad but i think that you need to advance in your life more i mean do you even know what your going to do in the future because having a job that could support you happily means that you wont have as much free time as you wish to have. Just to let you know i really do like your videos.
I'm actually worried for The real Frank
sigh.... the fans are the cancer
Lyrics pls
heh. 60fps
Please upload instrumental only version
Obama shot Tupac
if the red Leblanc or as you call your self aezakmeme hi to you
Hey Frank. I fucking love your videos man they're the funniest shit to me. But with these Pink Guy raps i see some real fucking talent man. You should consider doing a Politicz type thing and actually do something with rap. Your voice and writing when you rap is genuinly amazing. Upvote this so franku can see, or don't i don't really care. Anyway... Consider it man. Keep up the great work.
Frank, you are fuckin' crazy man, and I love it. Keep it up bro!
This is better than some of the top ten songs
Nice beat man, keep on having fun and sharing that fun ;)
Oh I miss you, Pink Guy! Happy new year to everyone there! :D Your videos just get better and better, Frank. I love you! <3
Will we ever see Pink Guy on spotify?
Fire
heeeyyy b0ss....please ...dont get the cancer in 2016
Why does his place look like a dump? That youtube cash not very good or something?
I love ur vids and pls make more vids that are awesome like the ones u make now
Thx Frank. Im ur biggest Frank.
-Christopher
Love the cinematography bro :)
Please do more of this. IDGAF if it's pink guy or pink omega or even joji
THAT  SHIT IS FIRE
Sometimes I ask myself:"How the fuck this guy hasn't a Grammy yet?"
The intro is just like a fallout trailer
this shit is actually fire
The fucking production quality is getting so good
I WANT REAL MUSIC I WANT JOJI MUSIC AAAAAA
I NEED the lyrics for this
This music video is the food network on acid, I fucking love this, making rice balls to dope beats
What kind of camera(s) do you use for your videos?
2:19
...but I do, what does that say about me? :C
Dude, that track is so fucking good.
you should be in odd future
better than all the trash other rappers make these days
I wanted to learn how to make rice balls and get a laugh so I watched this masterpiece
Is there gonna be a pink guy concert?
The best present for the new year ! :D
dank
Dude, you probably get this alot, but wow, you have a huge fucking talent
this needs to be in spotify!
WOW I HATE THIS GENERATION YOU CALL THIS MUSIC? KAPPA
Nyees.
I fucking love you
Joji
make a "Draw my Life" Video :)
k wat
that is one hoarder ass apartment
Why you not on spotify papa?
日本人だよね？面白いよお
the only thing this great video misses is lyrics
pink daddy with the beets1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He forgot the seaweed.
That beat is fire
Pink guy in Pookie's glasses.

If thats not stylish, then nothing fucking else ever is.
00:32 PinkOmega is Keith Ape confirmed
Best thing about the new year is chin chin sacrifice 2016
what is the name of the sound that start at0:24 stops at 0:44 and gets back at 0:53
Reminds me of Tyler the Creator
Papi Pinku with the hits!
This is the quality content i came here for
A perfect mix of your musical intelligence and your highly enjoyable humour
almost 80k likes. nice job pink guy (bts credit as well :) !)
Asian/Australian Kendrick Lamar.
Lyrics please
the end is gold
Papa Frankku!
I know this may be hard lol but frank I think u would be outstanding if u make a serious song or somthing lol dont get me wrong ur funny shit is awesome but i think u could be a really good rapper if u tried
I cant stop listening to this holyyyy
Oh man, only you could make a rap song I like.
We all love you filthy bastard <3

Keep having fun and enjoying the vídeos while you make them and Im sure that we will enjoy them to!
Hey, Joji.. I hope you had a good year and take it easy, ok..? I know that stuff is kinda bluh and all. 2016 should be relaxing for us all, including you!
I fucking Love you. <3
You look like that turtle dude from that raccoon spy game
franku the creator
Holy Based God, I can't believe I've been watching this filthiness for like 3 years. Just realized you got like 1.5million subscribers now, shits crazy.
Wouldn't it be sick if Pink Guy and Tyler the Creator did a collab? I think they'd dig each others styles pretty well. Both got mad talent
Pretty stoked for 2016.
This song is fucking awesome 🔥🔥🔥
This video made me google out what is life.
Clean your fucking hob.
Happy New Years PapaFranku.
one of pink guys/omegas best songs yet
That was so fucking beautiful. Fucking grade A. Thank you Joji. Thank you.

You have brightened my day with smiles.
Me and my dad jacked off together to this
song finally
I sexually identify as a rice ball and you eating my kind offends me.
If sum1 culd get a download link 2 this song I give u gud succ
this is the reallest, dank beat, dank vocals and some cancerous dank dance moves
WHAT HAPPENED TO PINKOMEGA COOKING WITH REDDICK??!!?!?!?!??!?!
I like balls...
keep doing the awesome work 
i love how awesome your videos are ... and you (no not homo to you ) <--- wut dat meens idk its up to you to find out
reminds me of tyler the creator
honestly your better than drake,future, and fetty wap
I was walking down the street beating off the the street lights when they changed colors I had an orgasm which led to a seizure I went to a hospital with cum all over me my mom showed up beat me because the hospital bill after I went home listened to this and hung my self with a rope I made out of my cats whiskers
whats the difference between pink guy and ayatollah
I feel some Odd Future vibes
Let's all go to the lobby! Let's all go to the lobby
10/10 good song
I've been wanting this for so long. praise be to cheezus.
Am I the only one who actually wants to see personal videos george makes?
60fps is so fucking sexy
is it just me or does he look 'twice as asian' with the chin patch?
lyrics




Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals; I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday"
This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal ripping through the flannel, [?]
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
Cause I'm already heated
(That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
i know i wish franki was my dad!!
you should join odd future
Dayum. Pink guy got game!
Cancer
Why do FF raps sound so damn good?
I was wondering when Joji would rap to this
─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good video!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  
─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
Wait did he put a cigarette in a pan, flip it like a pancake, and catch it in his mouth? That's amazing
I know what I'm going to show people at college now yo, thanks!
8/8 Succ me pls
Come on man where is more music vid's the last one was last year..
why are you smashing kid with bottle
Your a good guy frank
Worth the wait.
HAPPY NEW YEARS  I know it late just wanna say it to you filth
This is awesome XD
Watered down Tyler
look b0ss i got austism u fag
new album confirmed 2016
the ol times of dizesta music
Sweet rhymes pink guy!What do I need to do to be able to meet you and have an awesome and hella weird day with you?!? D':
Hot
this is literal and unironic fire
god damn papa this beat was fat as fuck
Fake, he wasen't smoking Brock Lee.
It's funny because he isn't a bad rapper at all
Modern Musical Masterpiece.
damn thats good
Thank you
lol this is Hopsin . But he doesn't take rap seriously .
Awesome, now I know how to make rice balls!
didn't think the ending was mean at all, i crank filthyfrank and get questioned by my room mates i don't give a fuck lol
So this is an instructional cooking video
best filthy frank video since et 2
10/10
pink omega? is this pink guys bro?
Oscar nominated
For the love of Chin-Chin and filthiness upload your shit to iTunes
Am I the only one of finds him literally like no joke super damn hot?
George, don't ever change. I love you with my Ramen drenched nut sack.
wish there was an instrumental for this
701 dislikes? who the fuck has the time for doing that shit? is it the nazi femenists?
why is this catchy? goodness, this is really cool.
Just wondering, what midi instrument was he using?
The Rap is back!
Lyrics ?
this shit was actually good 😂😂
Nosferatu
I need a shower.
things that are getting better
Filthy Frank
ISIS
Donald Trump. KEEP IT UP!
Frank looks like Asian Andre 3000 in this video
This is fire🔥🔥
Put this shit on iTunes
Straight fire
Dope. U killin it man
was that tuna or chicken
┻┳|
┳┻| _
┻┳| •.•) Daddy, Are The People That Think Filthy Frank's Songs Are Not Meant To Be Taken Serious Gone?                        
┳┻|⊂ﾉ
┻┳|                                                                         
                                                                                                             His Songs Are So Funny And Fake, Lol (<_<)
/﹋\
(҂`O´) - THESE DUMBASSES KEEP TAKING IT AS A JOKE!!!!                                                 He Should Make Real Music (<_<)
<,︻╦╤─ ҉  --     --    --    --   --
/﹋\
blow me fran
This song is so bad on many levels. But I just can't listening to it!
i eat my skin
MORE JOJI!!!!!! Like if you agree!
AAAAHHH yall want real music
Finally, waiting for new filthy frank time to get me chromies.
That was good.
love the videos bro! love the music. keep it coming! :)
k      e      k
Straight outta bathtub.
WELCOME TO THE TEDDER DON'T
THE UPPER EDGE INVEST IT ON THIS LARGE BALLS
I couldnt think of anything funny to say. Rice song though ya fanny
Great to see you use head and shoulders papa franku
We need a pink omega album so bad!
pink guy in 60 FPS is orgasmic
Seriously enjoy your music.
lowkey pretty fire!
lyrics b0ss?
Is Chin Chin pleased?
This was actually a good... Download link??
i literally cannot stop listening to this.
A Frank vid with a serious message to his fans NO WAY AJDHDJIS

But seriously, the production quality just keeps gettin better.
ONIGIRI
Watching filthy frank is like taking a drug that slowly kills you and gives you cancer....but I can't stop...keep making videos  love them ;-;
I'll fuck your face again
oh Frank this is og af man
"WE WANT THE REAL JOJI SHIT" lmfao. Who caught that? ;D
Nice one, Franku-just keep being you! Love to hear some new stuff from ya ☆
Undertale fans are faggots.
Is it weird that I am in love with him and want to fuck the shit out of him?
Hey That's pretty good
Dude I love this shit.
I've always wanted to watch  Franku-senpai in 60fps.
daddy
Oki have to subscribe
Is that his actual voice?
Bad is smoking for you
damn wheres dl link
To all the people who ask for "real" music or "serious" music, I used to be you, then I grew some balls and realized that people can do what they want. This is "Joji" music. Enjoy it. Stop being a little piss baby. 

Love you, Frankie.
This video made me hungry for papa franku's testicles.
fps2gud
He reminds me of Lil'Dicky
who watching this in your grandma's womb? #2PacKilledCastro
I wish more people of my generation listened to this song. THE GENERATION SUCKS!
Inspired me to make some beats, thanks bro
Beat so hot my laptop caught fire,  A+ Franku
Boring kinda but love ur music make more shit with maxmofoe
I think I would rather get genital warts on my asshole then to watch this again.
the other day this was called onigiri. illuminati?
Keep it up man, love your music.
Can someone tell me why i watch this?
I thought you were cool till I learnt you smoked African chilrden ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
Let's all go to the Gas Chamber.
i use these like cooking shows, my kitchen expertise increases exponentially with each pink guy rap.
i thought about sushi when i saw onigiri... needa go back to Japanese 101 b0ss
Pink guy has such a rich Carmelly voice when he's not screaming at frank and raping himself with a rusty spoon
THE MEME MACHINE KILLS IT AGAIN
Damn, I never thought I would get a lesson on how to make rice balls from pink guy.
wow that was some good camera work
"we want real music. we want joji music"
Trap Dumplings > Rice Balls
Has PinkOmega sold out?
The audio + video production on your vids just keeps getting better, gl for 2016 fam
what a god
Some tasty looking jelly donuts
so uh frank when that next album gonna drop i dont care about when it is i just want to know that theres another album so i can just jerk off to the thought of your lyrics
Honestly, you can probably join Odd Future.
That bulge is impressive
People say his comment section is cancer but basically every youtube comment section is cancer
Pretty happy people have started thinking of you as more of one person rather than two characters
If frank smokes that means we will be provided with less years of wild content, oh shit
This reminds me of Tyler The Creator back in the Bastard and Goblin days, maybe a little Wolf. But this shit was fire af
filthyfrank  fuck you stop being this cool edgy guy like youre making all the meme kids be cool now xd xd xdoisjd0aw i
Is this song on your bandcamp? I can't find it
Wow.

Imagine this:
First Filthy Frank concert,
he takes off his mask at the end, turns out he's actually Skrillex.

That'd be pretty cool.
That lil piano at 1:11 makes me 
F L O A T
Why are you smoking that's cancer it self stop talking about stuff being cancer if your giving your self cancer just stop its time to stop smoking
lets all go to the lobby.
the biggest crime is the tile work in that shower
it's all clear to me now
Pink guy spits more fire than most of these shitty mainstream rappers that you see, fuck lil wayne man
lmfao opens can of tuna with fucking pliers
Wait... Is that Frank's real voice?
I want me some rice balls now
I want me some rice balls now
this shit slap gj
This such a banger, wtf. The beat is actually really good and his ending verse was so powerful. It's not about whether Joji or Pink Guy raps, its the music.
Frank got bars
FF a real og
gets evicted for smoking
nfetask nfetask cenemyetaask cgthgtnetask nfetask nfetask nfetask
nfetask nfetask cenemyetaask cgthgtnetask nfetask nfetask nfetask
Is this like the Korean Tyler Creator
I don't think anyone here is wondering where the fuck he is... Btw he doesn't make any money from his videos so what does he do? I think I'm gonna become a filthy frank stalker.
Fresh
When boys can cook
This made my nips hard !
Joji is actually gonna actually get cancer If he keeps smoking which is pretty ironic
this is a shity awesome video
So wait, are Pink Guy and Pink Omega the same character or not?
WTHF that was fuckin awesome bastard
INSTRUMENTAL PLS
thos Stellas ate shit
more of this plz daddy franku <3
Pappa Frankyboy this song is actually nice as fuck.
WHEN THE FUCK ARE YOU DROPPING YOUR ACTUAL MIXTAPE YOU FUCKING ARAB
why the fuck is your kitchen so filthy
Man, I really missed these. Welcome back Frank!
What is the recipe
happy new year you durry muncher
You are my hero Frank
I dont care what 'type' of music frank uploads, you just need to upload the instrumentals somewhere bro, that shit is killer.
pLEASE COME TO BRAZIL
PINK GUY X MC MENOR DA VG
IT NEEDS TO HAPPEN
That was top notch.
The most beautiful song ever made.
PINKOMEGA!
i can listen to this non stop
I feel like he would be a good writer for Rick and Morty
half japanese, half autralian and black inside.
we love ya frank
I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday. LOL! Awesome video! I can understand why you'd want to put two and two together, it makes this video educational in the culinary field and includes the rap genre! I like this a lot!
This was super wacky one of the best goofs.
WHERE THE FÖK IS MY REGULAR UTRO?
best shit ever
He should really start a FilthyFrank vevo or something
Franku is straight God
Wow Tyler the Creator looks different and sounds a little less black
Frank u got no chill bro
whoever made this beat is a genius
good beat
Hey Frank, maybe you should make another album for your new songs. Also I love this one nice work. Happy New Year.
I see you using goya. keep up the good work man.
You're actually such a cool guy franku
Hey, that's pretty good.
1:11 is pretty dope
Wat was dat.
I actually like this track. not in a joking way. but I actually find it catchy
When are you going to do a mailbox? It has the potential to be the worst thing ever. Think about every FF fan combining their autistic worship all in one location.
someone give me lyrics
Clean your fucking kitchen.
So afraid of waking up one day to news of Joji having killed himself. No joke, lately it seems like he has so much shit piled up, cancerous fanbases do not help.
this made me cum like a shrek meme
Who else is watching in 6 million chromosomes?
I'm wet !1!1!!
Your Chin beard is the fucking Cringemesiter. What's next Maxmoefoe grows Pubes.
can you please release the fucking instrumental? this beat goes hard
I been waiting so fucking long for a new Pink Guy food rap video
goes in.
this is fucking amazing
Papa Frankoo/pink guy I'm concerned about your health everyday
Was that filthyfrank rapping?
its pussy frank maderfahker its pussy frank bitch
god Frank is the realest rapper ever. I quote his raps all the time. srsly someone needs to build a church to chin chin so Franku can preach.
Did he say narwals
smoking is way too edgy. dont smok
awesome gay sticker shirt for faggots  http://www.redbubble.com/people/spreadaids/works/20011568-pink-guy-smoke
This song is deadlier than the holocaust
i fuck my gf to pink guy's music
do u actually smoke
do the pink guy
😂
ooohhh the chills I get when I see a new filthy Frank video. I could fucking rip my clothes off and masturbate to this shit. someone kill me pl0x
my new years resolution is to be more like filthy frank
I listened to this with a friend with extreme bass and it rumbled the whole house...
Perfect videos don't exis-
So pink guy is pink omega?
I can't 😍
Lighting your cig on the oven.
That's the edgiest shit I've ever seen since my exhaust pipe split in half.
Awesome video yet again my yellow nigga,
Why did this actually have good cinematography?!
This was a great rap. Nice one, Daddy Frank.
I can't stop watching this
H0w to do rice balls (Oniguiri), like you favorite anime, limit offert. $9.95






MY FATHER GAVE ME SMALL LOAN OF A MILLION DOLLAR$
Could you make a link just for the beat?
he reminds me of Tyler the creator
this shit was fire
0:17 Relax your noodle, Papa Franku!
Sorry to say this Filthy Frank, but I am taking this channel down under the YouTube rule 263a due to 1: Trauma 2: promotion of smoke CIGGARETTS of which you can get a cancer from. 3: misuse of the English language.







thanks, pm me for more info.
what he smokes
Please put this on iTunes
Like Tyler the creator but pretty fucked lol but cool
He raps better than 90% of people
sounds like Tyler the creator
Dam this shit is fire im tryna buy his mixtape
your like the famous bill cosby but with cancer thanks keep it up you disappointment LOLXDFAM
his songs are always great and funny
so dope
such amazing rapper
song name pls no darude-pussy licker
That shit Wuz fyr
T H I S I S A F U C K I N G M A S T E R P I E C E
this badly damaged some of my chromosomes and now i can't get to realm 492.8888
+TVFilthyFrank boos can u recommend some raps to me, I realy like ur content keep it going
The song was actually dope!
watch oooooooouuuuuuuuut
the weaboo populasion has rizen by 75%
Dumplings, then Rice balls. What next??? Sushi??? That be sick though.
spotify?
gostei muito do canal e bem engraçado  não to a fim de escreve em inglês então FDC quem não gostou
I love this channel
MORE CAKES
This sounds like Tyler the creator
I don't care if it's real or fake, as long as you keep making music in your style. Because fuck me sideways you're good. And i mean, your entire channel is dedicated to satirical/facetious shit, including your music. You made tracks that didn't have a comedic side to them, those were great. You made shit like this, which is also great. Why're people complaining?
People need to shut the fuck up (including me) and just listen to the music.
Really good beat. Reminds me a bit of Lil Ugly Mane, particularly the piano bit.
go bills
3:01 PINK GUY = PINKOMEGA CONFIRMED!!!

(SPREAD THE WORD!!!!)
like a true Japanese tune, i love those piano jazz
Fuck me. Franky-San
This shit is hotter than burnt rice balls.







faggot
welcome to the rice fields
This should have a flammable warning before the video start
I'm uploading all the jojivlogs again.
that bass is DOPE Frank, best work yet.
wayyyyyy better than ksi...
So.. is pinkOmega and pink guy to different guys, and not Frank being both?

  yeah, I just got here a few weeks ago :P
VaultBoy
Pink guy is packin' And they say that Japanese/Chinese have small dicks lmao.
You look like theneedledrop in this
I love you filthy frank but your apartment looks like crap
Thank you for your content and thanks for the laughs. I appreciate what you do.
This confirms that Frank truly is the bastard son of Tyler The Creator and Son of Sam
But seriously this sounds like the last half of Buffalo
Waiting for a collab with Tyler The Creator
This some next level Franku shit
His soul-patch is slowly growing into an epic neckbeard...... soon...... soon you'll be one of us Papa Franku.

One of us
One of us
One of us
A d o r a b l e
I bet Ive sucked more dicks than you've even seen faggot
Nice Minikorg, Pink Guy.
This is surprisingly the most serious music video papa's ever made.
eyyyy that's pretty good
man what a fucking loser smoking
kid in african could eat that rice ball !!
can we get an instrumental download though?
Now i'm obsesed over 1920s - 1940s remixes xD
Love you, George :))
you need a new album bro
Bars.
Dear Filthy Frank,You're a faggot, a good kind of faggot. Thank you for being a fucktard on the internet, it takes a lot of ass and balls to act like an autistic little shit in front of millions of people. Thank you for making me laugh my scrotum off till I cry or cry until my dad beats me horrendously. Weeabos are like Jews, they are the scum of the Earth. You are like the Hitler of Weeabos. I worship you and pray to you every night. I created my own cult with all of my band friends called TVFilthyFrankism. I have my own dinner prayer for you before I feast on the flesh of dead Weeabos to make you proud. I played a batsu game where I made out with an old lady from behind who was 107 years old who smelled worse than southeast Asia. Your backyard represents the rice fields of the world, that's where I bury my victims aka my adopted brothers who are Chinese and don't deserve your affection. Thank you for teaching me how to eat the whole ass, I use my skills wisely.
Fuck yes. Thanks Frank.
Gag on my dick
I love you George p l e a s e
Nice
make a cooking channel... srsly
I know how to make rice balls now, thank you frank daddy.
LYRICS PLEASE
I love this music man! :D
I'm scared to get adopted. You might me my dad
Balls
I have no idea why I love this song so much, I watch it so much
omg this song😍😍😍😍
lyrics and delivery on point. beats great but doesn't have that full feeling that trap dumplings had. It's not the lack of bass. it's something else. Keep it up bruh, you do good work.
Don't click Read more
░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█                         
░░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█
What'd I tell you, fucking faggot.
I feel like he's gonna take this down and its gonna get reuploaded and people are gonna be like "dude take it down that's disrespectful to Joji n' stuff hurr hurrr."
+TVFilthyFrank, you should do a hate video on bronies. I am one, but I know that shit would be hilarious.
I like his little monologue at the end of the song. Magen I heard it I realized that he's kinda annoyed by the people who want "real music" like his actual joji music. I felt an energy coming from his voice. Something is coming. Something big.
YO THAT END WAS TOO REAL 🔥
1:53 franks official face while raping yo girl
instant goosebumps to the manhood
This is the best beat of 2017 yet.
Worst than Tyler the Creator
B0ss you need to do something about reaction channels
This video is well made, the music is good, and the editing was done well. Holy shit, papa franku makes some quality content
next time attach go pro to the rice ball
Waiting for this song since Kill Yourself.
good
Frank, I look up your video and all I see is mix tapers reacting to your vids.  Reaction vids need to die.
great music
┻┳|
┳┻| _
┻┳| •.•) Daddy, Are The Reptilians Gone?                        
┳┻|⊂ﾉ
┻┳|                                                                         
/﹋\
(°_°) - yeah, it's been over for like 3 months                                                
I     I
L﹋L
𝐋𝐈𝐊𝐄 = 𝐊𝐈𝐒𝐒 𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐑 𝐂𝐑𝐔𝐒𝐇 
𝐒𝐔𝐁 = 𝐅𝐔𝐂𝐊 𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐑 𝐂𝐑𝐔𝐒𝐇 
𝐈𝐆𝐍𝐎𝐑𝐄 = 𝐍𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐑 𝐊𝐈𝐒𝐒 𝐎𝐑 𝐅𝐔𝐂𝐊 𝐘𝐎𝐔𝐑 𝐂𝐑𝐔𝐒𝐇
joji. this was amazing
i fucking love u
What you did was just so inhuman
Can you tell us what software you use to make the background music.
Franku my life is boring. How can I aquire your chromosomal number?
uhuhuhhhu WE WANT REAL MUSIC WE WANT JOJI MUSIC
Franck can you give me the recipe to do that rice balls i freacking love rice :p
Were is the Idubbbz iv been looking for
Itch my balls while I eat rice balls while masturbating
What's the song,or instrumental?
We didn't get any "lets get some pussy tonight" in this video WTF
This was the exact reason YouTube let's you upload 60FPS videos.
Joji back 2016?
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
Frank just needs to stop listening to his fans so much and do him.
#saveJoji
I love this kitchen.
g
I beat off to this beat
Whos watching this in 2015?
Fuck you're amazing.. Its shit like this that makes my dick smile.
i havent seen this since last year and its still awesome
Second album?
......................................................
............../´¯/)...........(\¯`\..............
............/....//.............\\...\.............
.........../....//...............\\....\............
...../´¯/..../´¯\.........../¯`\.....\¯`\......
.././.../..../..../.|_...._|.\....\.....\...\.\..
(.(....(....(..../.)..)...(..(.\....).....)....).).
.\................\/../.....\...\/.............../.
..\................. /........\................../...
....\..............(............)............../......
......\.............\.........../............./.......
........................................................
the drums would be so nice soaked in reverb, it would give them a little life and give the instrumental more atmosphere.
the production on this beat is dirty af
I wonder how totally disappointed his parents are
"Ain't nothing changed"

Except the beat and rhyme quality... Jesus Christ, Papa Franku- step your shit up.

Trap Dumplings was a masterpiece, this was "The Courtney Love special".
Dude, you have a fucking career in this
Eminem is in big trouble...
Instrumental and lyrics
What camera?
jelly filled rice balls Sounds like my balls ;)
killer whales
very educational video, thank you
And who helps you when ther s pink guy and reddick at once in a video about pranking on street?
sick
Thoose rice balls look tasty😋!
who the fuck puts tuna in a fuckin rice ball
0:36 when you try to find out what pill you took
fake And gay
damm bro, you're a fucking beast at beatmaking b0ss
This is SO odd future
i just really like your songs tbh
Loved it
He's so funny
I love frank omg
не останавливайся бро
dude you should really e a rapper your really good at it
Who else is watching September 11, 2001?
I fucking love your lyrics.
speak the truth frank. i hate that people label your music. i listen to it unironically and i love all of it. pink guy, pink omega,  joji, doesn't matter. music is music. if you dont like it dont listen to it.
Que konio es esto alex
Frank, we can look up the japanese or already know it, change the title back to onigiri.
oKAY BUT boss can rap.. shiiiit.
Satan clicked the dislike button too many times... 666
hownestly.....I came
oh god frank
When will dark lord chin chin come back again
Holy shit this video really reminds me of the ending of fallout 4 where your son is the villain and you either kill him or nuke Boston.
Yo nigga, this is some sick ass shit breh, oh fuck, damn, so fine, shit, best fuckin stuff right there, fucking fire, fucking best shit ever man, fuck so good, shit.
Welcome to the terradome
The upper echilone
Investin on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese 
Killer whales, humpbacks and these narwhals
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these
This the bleep blop
You make the beat flop
Breathing more kush in then the seeka
So we got
The beat drop-
Ing harder then your sons balls at 12 not to mention
 that we're harder then Viagra with the big cock

I'll fuck you in the mouth again
Let you know that I'm a schizo I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me 
Cuz bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I picture that you're selling it (eeeewwww)
Fucking dog I can smack out your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
Huh (what is that to rude?)

I'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses I'm running up in the premises helping you tie your nooses cuz all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this I act retarded on stage then put my fingers on pusses like O. Like O. O. O.

Yuh

I fuck around for money like a camwhore 
Jerking till my titties popping off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lot and or 
Beat their fucking teeth in cuz they raise shit
They sound like:
"I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday"

Uh

This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini golf champion, you got no drive. Playa
Fuccbois treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine

I'm on the cars hoods screaming like a mammal ripping through the flannel burn on nonchalant chest splitted camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model don't be fucking crying when im smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
I don't need a microwave.
Cuz I'm already heated
awesome!
And here I thought my house looked dirty...
Yes.
Now I want rice balls I'll be back
I want real music!
What is he stuffing them with?
you rock the shit out of those glasses and goatee
1:12 TO 1:35 best part
That camera angle at the beginning was really low to the ground. Was The Shaman filming?
reminds me of Tyler the Creator..
I want the real joji to make real music not this fake shit fam
this is art
Dope beats
fuck this, I want real music
I would seriously buy this on iTunes no joke.
Why did I repeat this.
Get this on iTunes.
Now.
2:10 Think of how many dozens of rice balls he dropped trying to do that one throw...
succ
hes actually so fucking good LOL
bout time to get a new morph suit, eh boss?
lookin a little faded
Frank ur fresher than a seafood market on Tuesday
Should be mainstream
i love u frank no homo keep up the good work these songs are a masterpiece and also what did you use to make the beat
fucking love it
WE WANT REAL MUSIC WE WANT JOJI MUSIC
Awesome.
This song is fire
That was good, dude. Honestly it's really cool that you produce your own instrumentals. I wish people would do that more often. Nothing is better than finishing a song and thinking, "Damn, I made that... And people like it!!" Also, I thought it was great that you addressed the whole Joji music thing. Would live to hear more music. Whether it's "real" or not.
nek minute... PinkGuyVEVO
Wasn't this called ONIGIRI?!?!?!?!?!?!
Who wants to go to the lobby with me?
Fuck this was awesome , really love the song yo!
Thank you Filthy Frank for the ο ι δ в о у s fan service
is this the theme song of 2016
P.H.A.T.
Best song of 2015..
Wish I could be your friend !
bro frank puts all the mixtape kids to shame
This guy needs to post way more. He actually inspired me to start making youtube videos:)
I find this Offensive. My dad drives me to soccer practice. Please stop swearing
does anyone thins he is going to kill himself one day? I don't know but still the funniest person on youtube
why did he change the name from onigri?
Joji, your beats are actually awesome. What suite did you make this in?
Nice lookin beard, pink guy
Because we're fucking gods. I typed this for you fuckers.

Intro/Beat Let's All Go to the Lobby (1950s) Intermission Promo

Welcome to the tether dome

The upper upper echelon,

Invest in all these large balls, 

I got these pussy bitches 

Waven' like the Japanese, 

Killer whales, humpbacks, and these Narwhals

I'm just tryin' to strangle these, fuckers 

I'm just tryin' to strangle these, fuckers

I'm just tryin' to strangle theseee

This the beat blop

We make the beat flop,

Beathing more kush and then the sea got,

So we got 

The beat droppin' harder then your sons balls at 12 knots to mention that we harder then Viagra with the big cock, 

I'll fuck you in the mouth again,

I'll let you know that I'm a skitzo I be hearing shit

So don't be fuckin' me cuz' bet your ass I'm hearin' it,

When I get done with you I'll make sure that your sellin' it,

Ewwwwwww

Fuck you dawg I can smack at your teath, 

And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe Heh,

"What is that to rude"

I'm a fuckin' nuisance with different types of abuses,

I'm runnin' up in the premises helpin' you tiein' your nooses

cuz' all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this,

I act retarded on stage and put my fingers in pusses

Like Oh,

Like Oh, 

Oh,

Oh..

I fuck around for money like a cam whore,

Jerk it to my titties

Pop it off on some gay shit!

I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or beat their fucking teeth in cuz they raise shit!

sound like 

"I can't respect my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" 

Ugh

This was for the folks that be dead inside 

Mini golf champion you got no drive playa'

Fuck bois treat my dick like a trampoline 

I only work with paper like a fax machine 

Ugh

I'm on the cars hood scremin' like a mammal rippin' through the flannel burnin' ass on my chest with a camels

I'm here to be an act notta' role model,

Don't be fuckin' cryin' when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle,

I'm just chillin' makin' rice balls erydeh',

I'm a simple man I don't need a microwave 

I don't need a microwave (4x)

Cuz' I'm already heated 

"that's not funny!" 

Uhhh-huhuhuhuuh "we want real music, we want real music, we want George music" Uh huh huhhhhh 

Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed I mean I think it's like your fault forrr.. putting that shit intooo categories. 

Like music is music if you don't think this is real music that's your fuckin' problem like who says I can't drop shit whilee makin uhh culinaryy funny video at the same time.

Ya know, whatever man

It's your boi Pink Guy

Comin' at you again, still doin' that wacky crazy shit bro 

it ain't, ain't nothin' changggedd 

So see you next timeeee. 


http://genius.com/Tvfilthyfrank-rice-balls-lyrics
Filthy frenk. 1v1?
why is this so good???
You know what would make a great video? Make another hair-cake, but this time use your pubes and your ass fur.
Overpriced Mac computer is back
not to hate but he's too much of a pvssy to not be ironic with this but you can tell he secretly thinks rapping about dicks is all rebellious and provocative and edgy, just like him smoking that feg even tho momma told him no makes him the coolest 13 year old. B-but h-hey I'm doing it i-ironically right guys? Also guys in a permanent identity crisis cause his aussie dad fvcked a chinagirl so he's trying to sound American while pretending Japanese people are hardcore cause he's sooo Japanese, mr. George Miller grown up in Australia. Go on and cry yall know its true.
yes yes he's UE she's ajaheuehe yes yes
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                    Who's watching this in HIS MOM'S BASEMENT ?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
I neeeeed reeeeaaaaallll music
that's a message to all "filthy frank fan base suck george miller hates you" faggots .if george miller didn't enjoy making these videos then why would he even make them? grow the fuck up and be grateful for the great show he is making for you you ungratful fucks. Great vid papa
fukin weeaboo food eater shit.
Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand
Ocean man, the voyage to the corner of the globe is a real trip
Ocean man, the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, can you see through the wonder of amazement at the oberman
Ocean man, the crust is elusive when it casts forth to the childlike man
Ocean man, the sequence of a life form braised in the sand,
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, ocean man
Ocean man

Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand
Ocean man, the voyage to the corner of the globe is a real trip
Ocean man, the crust of a tan man imbibed by the sand
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man, can you see through the wonder of amazement at the oberman
Ocean man, the crust is elusive when it casts forth to the childlike man
Ocean man, the sequence of a life form braised in the sand,
Soaking up the thirst of the land

Ocean man
this is actually really awesome
We need more Santa's Brother too! Glad to hear him make an appearance!
GG ANDERSONFake.
OMG YESSSS ive been waiting for a new song for a min
Why isn't there a radio channel dedicated to Pink Guy's music?
60 FRANKS PER SECOND? SHIIEET
omg like i like this channel and some content is abit strange but thats just me BUT DAMMM good rapping MAN GET THIS SHIT ON ITUNES ID BUY IT 100%
Do you actually live there bc I would think up get paid by YouTube .......
he's not funny anymore. Is way beyond funny, he has been refining this surreal toilet humor every time, he is like wine, gets better with age. Forever liking your videos, they light up my day
vevo
lol he was playing the cut you up with a linoleum knife song
i swear to god im seriously eating rice right now while watching this, didnt even know what frank was up too lol
Frank plz bring your brother back on the show! He was great! #GoneButNotForgotten
Shawn Wasabi ft Papa Franku
damn yellow nigga you can actually rap son. Seriously though you are better than a lot of famous rappers, if you came out with serious shit it'd be that fire flame!
Loved it, not bad at all. Good song funny video, hehe
LOLOLOLOL LIKE IF YOU'RE WATCHING IN 2015 LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLSICKMEMELOLOLOLOKILLMELOLOLOLOLOLOLISHOULDHAVEBEENABORTEDLOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
Happy new year Frank and wow this is true comeback of sick pink guys music
mac miller video tho
Where PinkOmega tho.
when is the next mixtape gonna drops
I wonder if he will stop smoking soon
Sounds a lot like tyler the creator
Oh boy another song for somebody to play in CS:GO Comp
This video was really funny last year
Damn now I want rice balls 😂😂
I wanna see u next time too
yoooooooooooooooooooo the beat is insane on this one frank, nice job
black people raised him.
I love it like always.
one time I questioned life and started watching pinkguy it's actually gave me a reason to live
This song is actually fire
i was touching myself to this
I guess this is the first pink guy video that I do not hear a YESS or Boss
Pink Guy! How did you get out of Chin Chin's clutches? or are you still a prisoner to his deceptions?
he should so make a t.v show.
bet dem rice balls taste like shit
first
Do you like Tyler the creator?
b0ss i habe contracted brest cansur from dis songe.
Farnk, NEVER CHANGE!  Keep smoking, keep saying racist and offensive jokes, keep being retarded while triggering bunch of faggots at the same time. Keep it real ! 
Love you, #nohomo.
i need this beat ;ppp
what is this? we want real music we want politikz music
Since when this was HD? It's so filthy!
This kinda reminds me of Tyler the Creator
60fps
I NEED THE BEAT
i see you're adding lung cancer to your ongoing list of diseases
God fucking dammit lmao
Sometimes I wonder about the conditions of your apartment/house/etc. Pink Guy...
He's actually better than famous rappers like 'lil wayne and drake, but then again, everyone is better than them.
Best song ever...
Those glasses remind me of stephen chow in the movie "Out of the dark"... Anyone else?
His flow is actually crazy
D
O
P
E
This song is actually addicting, I keep coming back.
Why do I wish Pink Guy raps were on the radio instead of modern rap music.... this shit is so clever matched with the fact that its over all just hilarious to listen to him rap, whilst keeping a great flow and sounding like a professional. 

Keep up the great work Papa Franku. 
Happy New Year.
Pink guys back niggaz
this video made me a satanist ty 10000000000000/2
Does Filthy Frank actually smoke?
Lyrics?
All the dislikes are the new kids that weren't around to hear FilthyFrank's music
this one was lame i dont understand a word
We love yu, Mister B0ss balls
i lik u
That solo where Joji talks shit to his fans demanding his serious shit
Fucking savage








What is real music? If no one knows what music is , then does music exist? Is it an allusion made my human perception? Is anything real?
Thanks goodness Filthy Frank still exists
you should stop being a meme and produce more
Nigga I hear dat BMO.
┻┳|
┳┻| _
┻┳| •.•) Daddy, Are The Reptilians Gone?                        HISSSSSSSS  (<_<)
┳┻|⊂ﾉ
┻┳|                                                                         HISSSSSSS  (<_<)
/﹋\
(҂`O´) - NOT YET SON!!!!                                                 HISSSSSSSS  (<_<)
<,︻╦╤─ ҉  --     --    --    --   --
/﹋\
He's better then Eminem
GOD DAMN
This channel makes me really want to kill myself, but in a good way
This is some sick ass shit. Gonna show it to my mom who fucking hates me! :D
real men smoke
beard on fleak
How many times have I listened to this?
how can i be that frank and pink guy have the same beard
papa FIRE FRANKU
10/10
Tyler the Creator had an aborted son and his name was FilthyFrankTV and his no. 1 hit is rice balls featuring DJ Khaled and back up dancing by former President Bush.
Yesssss I have been waiting for this!
marry me senpai
why do you live in a meth house?
first song i heard in 2016
that's when you know this year will be ok <3
I  love/hate these good rap videos. The raps are good and so are the beats, but they just make me so hungry.
Good video HowToBasic
Reminded me a little of Devo for some reason.
Keep going dude
What are you, fucking gay?
anyone else think he kinda sounds like a white Tyler the Creator?
Papa Franku dropping some sick bars m80.
░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄ 
░░░░░░░▄▄█████████▄▄ 
░░░░▄▀▀▀▀█▀▀▀▀▀▀█████▄ 
░░▄██████░░░░░░░░░░░▀██ 
░▐██████▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌ 
░███████▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█ 
▐████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█ 
▐██████▌░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀▀▄░▀░▄▄▌ 
░█▀▀███▀░░░░░░▄▀█▀░░░▐▄▄▄▌ 
▐░▌▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▀░░░▌▀░▌ 
░▌▐░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░░▐░▐ 
░▐░▀▄▐░░░░░░░░░░░▌▌░▄▄░▐░▌ 
░░▀█░▄▀░░░░░░░░░▐░▐▄▄▄▄▀▐ 
░░░▌▀░▐░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▀▀▀▀░▌ 
░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▌░░░▀▄▄▄▄▀▐ 
░░░▌░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▌   
░░█▀▄░░░▐░▐░░░░░░░░░░░█ 
░█░█░▀▀▄░▌░█░░░▀▀▄▄▄▄▀ 
█░░░▀▄░░▀▀▄▄█░░░░░▄▀ 
░░░░░░▀▄░░░░▀▀▄▄▄▀▐ 
█░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░▐░▌▐ 
░█░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░▌░▐▌▐ 
░░█░░░░░░░░░█░▐░▄▄▌░█▀▄ 
░░░█░░░░░░░░░█▌▐░▄▐░░▀▄▀▀▄▄ 
░░░░█░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░▐░░░▀▄░░░▀▀▄▄ 
░░░░░▀▄░▄▀█░░░░░█░░▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░█
that's such a 2015 song
Rice balls erday
Cigarettes = cancer FLITHY FRANK IS OUR LORD AND SAVIOR ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The switch up was beautiful
can i habe de rice balls pls ??
2MUCH PUSSY
Welcome to the rice fields motherfuckers
his real voice is the best
Nice
free download?
To get ourselves a treat.
Happy new years papa frank
I fucking love yu pls notice m e senpai
PAPA FRANKUUU
this video was fucking gr8 m8
Is this the new MF Doom album?
b0ss do more vids pls
Hopefully Papa Franku reaches 2,000,000 subscribers in 2016! 🔥😎🔥
1:12 Holy shit I was not expecting that.
Preview of new album?  0;
I can't tell if he is trying to make legit music or doing this just for laughs, because I kind of like it...
2016...year of the b0Ss
He's raps always remind me of Tyler The Creator. Good shit
will you be putting out another album any time soon?
idgaf dude, I still want Joji, he can do some actual good ass shit. like yeah he's gotta point this srill is music, and it's pretty fuckin good. but I want to hear some real shit broski feel me cuh.
Read franks channel description fags
Loved the song man, u rule!
Pink guy >Pink omega
Actually, although I think these are supposed to be satirical, I fuckin' loved this one
Song name?
This song is kinda like Korean Jesus by Dumbfounded...or maybe im just tripping
This type of raping reminds me of Tyler The Creator. 


Oh and his rapping is good too.
That beard tho
Am I the only on addicted to this like black tar heroine and deodorant fumes?
Whos watching this in 201Han Solo dies
Heard you dropped your mixtape in that tower in Dubai.
Who cleans his house?????
i hope you get a grammy
I feel like his probably the coolest guy you could meet besides his autistic alter ego (pink guy) lmao.
i love u frank!!
All the Pinkguy songs are fucking amazing.
Your cinematography has greatly improved there last couple vids.
Good Job bro.!
Frank, the wiki says that you are at least 400,000 chromosomes old. It also says a chromosome is a tenth of a day. Some simple math shows that you are at least 109 years old. How are you still alive?
BARS
I was playing this through the surround sound in my living room to get all hyped so the last thing I was expecting were those beautiful ass piano chords. Shit caught me so off guard I was legit frozen in front of my TV for 20 like seconds.. I'm investing in a life alert just in case I fall and can't get up the next time you do that jeezus..
I missed these Frank!
i think frank and tyler the creator should colab 👏
So this is how Pink Guy listens himself and the rest of the world can only listen him say "ey b0oss"?
we need 1:45 - 1:50 on a loop
Like uh
1:10 tyler pls
and that was he's real voice
Frank, here's what I think. I think you're weird as fuck, but creative and original. The pink guy shit is fucking hilarious. That beat made me get really hype. Also, GIMME DA PUSSY BOSS!!!!!!!
Is it just me or are my headphones broken?
Thanks for the new fapping material :^)
smoking kills.
He should go on tour with Odd Future Wolf Gang man. Or better yet join them.
Imagine Pink Guy meeting Eric Andre
+TVFilthyFrank b0ss can we hab the instrumental pls?
This can melt steel beams
Nice vid bro I r8 8/8 m8
god yes
you go the deathgrips route
Nice beard.
Feels so weird to see pink guy with a beard ._.
These videos are why I'm still subbed joji, thanks.
Watching filthy frank is like anal, at first it's scary and it hurts but it gets better the more you get it XD
This tune is too fucking dank, can't wait to hear future ones xD
Put in 1.5 veolocity for a cancer trip
The song was really nice, I missed pink guy a lot xD thanks gogi , happy new year dude
pink guy: i don't speak correctly, but when I do, I drop bars.
Pink guy got style
Anybody else feeling a little bit of a nujabes vibe from this?
My god you never fail to get me giddy for the next video. I understand your reaction to all the "where's the real music" or "are you ok joji" I'd laugh too if someone thought they knew my life. Fuck em frank live on!!!
So papa franku has a shit ton of stuff for actually making music? Shit he is actually really professional at this. Why doesn't he make serious songs i feel he could do some really cool stuff. (Im not saying that this isnt music its great and as a artist myself i respect his stuff a ton)
happy new year faggot
Shit this is good!
This is what drugs do to you
60FPS just what I need.
holy fuck...great beat,nice stable voice and decent flow..i love it
Happy new year papa may good Corey in the house anime come this year!!
You made me think of john Lennon with your glasses :)
Yo new mixtape when
Whatever you call it, I just want you to keep making music. You're really talented, and I hope we get a new album soon.
Unless you're listening to them on a bootleg cd labelled "Pinq Gai" you bougth on the street in Chinatown, Pink Guy songs are as real as any other song.
next time use ganja
dope
kanne westho
Pink Omeguy
I found the cure for Cancer! They say "fight fire with fire" so how about cancer patients just watch your videos?!
This is honestly your best work yet, Papa.
Happy new year, hope for more filthy shit this year! Love the rap bebe :)
Weabooo
this beatnis fatter than me
how is it possible for him to be hot in a pink morph suit
Love You Joji
Hey papa, just wanted to let you know that you do you man. You're probably the best worst channel on youtube (and my favorite, honestly), because your content, while great, is (purposefully) autistic as all hell. I loved this vid, and I'm excited to see what you've got in store for another year of filthy shit. Thanks for a great year.
dud
ur a great guy
PAPA FRANKU <3
tite beet
frank, are you okay?
This is actually a really well made music video. Good Job franku
nice to see pink guy is still raping :D
YES !!!!
Bruh that beat is killer
Who's watching this on 9/11
lyrics pls?
FUCK YE
ur fat
<3333333333
hey boss!!! lol hahahaha xD 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Pls fix Jojivlogs
He gives me the biggest fucking boner.
when i watching ur vids, i kinda worry when u trying to be quite serious, but people recognizes as joke
can you please adopt me
who else sold his soul for this??
I imagine some kids think they're cool as shit for watching frank.
Lol
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this one was really good to be honest
new camera? looks great.
2:25 is the best b0ss face ever.
I want to give you more than 1 like :(
watching this reminds me the sound of how tumours pop
sheeesh.
was this, fire? yes indeed
Oh shit it's Pink-Omega!!
I was gonna say stop smoking because you'll get cancer, but then I remembered, you are cancer.
He's fucking gold.
boo
To much Tyler the creator
Who the fuck calling you pink omega? 


Never mind, good rap pink omega!
omg the piano at 1:12 never heard that before in one of these food raps :D
THEY'RE NOT CALLED RICE BALLS. THEY'RE CALLED JELLY FILLED DONUTS!!!!
is this franks real voice
Honestly I've been waiting for shit like this forever. Ty Papa <3
Great song, fun video, that poor onigiri
what it do boy
lmao im filthyfranks biggest fan hahahaha XD niggaautism420swagpranks2015pranksinthehoodgonewrongitsjustaprankbrokekayyylmaomemesdjkhaledmemesanotheroneblessesupspodermanprankssweguranfagitkillyourselfniggermeuptheasswithahotrodniggachubandtuck420loominartyconfirmed1guy1jar2girls1cupBMEpainolympicsweeskushmemes2016newyearmemessupermemesniggamemesafricanmemesrealniggahourssmashdatlikebuttonifurupmorepranksinthehood2015djkhaledpranksblessingupinthehoodgonewrongreptilianshapeshifter420swagyoloblazeitniggafilthyfrankkillurselflel
Pink Guy back again with that fire
Is this Pink Guy's formal return to the Filthy Frank Show?
we want real music Kappa
Okey now im gonna kill myself
Happy New Year Papa Franku~
Good luck on your shit all year round.

I really Missed pink guy singing.
And Man keep doing what your doing, atleast I get excited whenever I see a new vid pop up because I know ima have some fun and laugh watching it.
Instrumental plz b0ss
what's the sample?
Hey frank did you actually start smoking? Or is that just for the video?
779 779 views.
sometimes i legit wonder if joji is risking lung cancer just to make these videos
pink guy aged a few chromosomes
rest in peace nujabes
AWWW! Appreciate everything!
pinkguy sounds a lot like phlydaily sometimes...
I hope Eminem picks you up on his label
Putting all the mainstream rappers to shame since DizastaMusic.
HE'S BACK
Mini golf champion you got no drive? omfg. Hot shit.
This is fire.
i want joji to make a separate channel in which its purely him and no pink guy, frank or any of his other personas .... fuck all of you people who gave him shit for being himself
The Asian, Tyler the Creator?
your apartment is dirty as your songs
asian rice, more commonly known for it's scientific name: oryza sativa
rice is the dankest veg, i rest my case.
Swag like based god
yo Furanku. You happen to live in Washington Heights?
Rice > Kush
Holy shit how do you stay healthy with this filth all up in yo cooking lounge and bathroom bro? The next track should be about a cleanin maid.
WHOS STILL WATCHING THIS IN 2016 ???
The beats so sick...almost cancerous
Welcome to the tetherdome
The Upper Echeleon
Investin' on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches waitin' like the Japanese
This is the best music video I've seen in a while gj
Masterpiece.
What do u use to make this godly music?
omg that is so catchy and funny
you need to make more song like this
r u a hipster?
99% of the people that saw this video liked it but they didin't leave a like :(
this is amazing, who filmed the video?
He's just like tyler the creator
dope shit
Can't deny I prefer Franku's "serious" shit by a land slide, but I'm perfectly content with the funny shit because a) it's Frank making it and it's up to him what he does and b) it's still just as fire, no matter how batshit retarded it gets (y)
applauds furiously
Is it just me or him with the sunglasses and pink suit he reminds me of Porco Rosso
tyler the creator?
What a fag.
fucking disgusting stove
Srsly make more of these it's so fucking good
WE WANT REAL MUSIC!
WE WANT JOJI MUSIC !
ily xx
I enjoyed this a lot, MAKE MORE. Anyway I would actually like some videos of you not being Frank everyonce in a while
wtf did I just watch O_o ?!
make an episodic adventure through your life and through the creation of pink guy and all your other personas.
i can feel that tyler the creator edgy vibe in this song
keep ur shit up my fellow Vietnamese farmer
FILTHY FRANK TO ASSASSINATE TRUMP
I love how Franku makes the most offensive shit but then leaves a comment that is nice as fuck.
that cullinary beat hotter than a man with a flamethrower in the north pole
awesome rap. he deserves a better house.
So pink guy is part of the cohort now? 0:31
Politikz?
that was a dank song but why do you smoke your lungs are going to look like chewbackas basshole
suprisingly good song
b0ss pls can I habe new mixtape
we get it, you vape.
Gibe some more !!!
10
wanking for orphans
1like = 1 wank
ALGUM BR?
this made my wee wee go wee.
KSI can eat shit
Dude u should make real music 

not just drop shit while talking about ramen or stir fry .
I want those glasses, anyone got an ID on them?
I got a Japanese hotel add on the start of the video. Really doubt that it's a coincidence... Fuckin' inbred cancer slave (just a prank bro, but the add was actually there)
gay
Best Rap Yet 
love Pink Guy
I don't need a microwave
Finnaly some good stuff.
and who's gonna clean all this mess? oh wait, that's why you're Filthy Frank. Yack. :P
on the next episode of pink balls zee pink guys turns into is true form. come back next week to find out more!
dat 60fps
papa franku's rap foodstuffs make me get the munchies, man.
salute.
Frank please stop smoking :C
wow this is surprisingly great
love this man! keep it up :)
PAPA FRANKU GOT BARS 🔥🔥
this is v nice
>kill me
I just think you are a lyrical genius in general and your beats are phenomenal, you do you, because you got my view regardless.
This shit is 🔥🔥🔥
Good job Disney didn't put me in charge of star wars cus filthy frank would have been my choice for kylo ren and this would have been his theme music.
Hi.
I'm just a 16 year old boy who is trying to make it in the rap industry. I'm asking you guys to give me a chance. I know nobody will give me a chance, but if anybody has the heart out there to look at my mix tapes, please do so.
Are you secretly a Chef?
Long time fan Filthy Frank,

This is an example  you've become everything you hate.
This blows. nothing else to say.
that was actually awesome
musica con i controcazzi
Beat so filthy .
flawless👌💯
Franku
The part with the piano was delicious
checkout my mixtape bruh
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                                 Who's dead inside?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
oink pomega
hey you, hey, hey pink, hey...
give me this beat
Ugh, this video was so last year...
where is the yoji album?
new album when
absolutely fire.
@TVFilthyFrank George/Frank/Joji, I just want you to know as a fan of your music and videos you're an incredible artist and look to be an incredible person overall. I'm musical myself and you give me inspiration for creating music, particularly on the drums and the keyboard. I personally hope you keep the funny shit going and keep the characters alive, but it's your life and your channel man. Do what you wanna do, not what the twelvies and/or other fans want! Always stay true to yourself dude, it's what matters more than anything else! ;)

-Devin
This sounds like some shit Charlie scene from HU would sing
Thats a cool song but your lyrics are too much like "pussy tits dick and stuff" idk if you do it on purpose but if you dont, you should find lyrics about the theme. Like rhymes about rice balls and kitchen in general. Idk you know what i mean but anyway thats cool shit-Stan
Hey Franku when is Pink Guy's second LP coming out?
w  h  a  t  t  h  e  f  u  c  k
h   h
a      a
t           t
t               t
h                 h
e                     e
f                          f
u                            u
c                                c
k                                    k
ALL HEIL PAPA FRANKU!!!!
Damn, this video made my ass so tight
dawg i love all these videos , fucking great
I think Pink Guy passed through the plain of reality by absorbing Chin Chin and finding his way to the real life Frank, absorbing all characters and becoming the real life Frank himself.
That plot is so good, it's time to make a fanfiction.
This kinda sounded like Tyler, The creator.
Good Shit thought
white tyler
Did anybody else hear BMO say "Finn" as a sound effect in 1:29?
Keep coming back for the lyrics, good shit fam
He should do this for a living
oh boy new cam and cool song totally gonna download illegally and put on I-pod
upload the beat please
perfect, luv yuu~~
The entire fan base of this channel is fucking cancer, and I'd jerk it to someone telling me otherwise.
Sick tunes bro
Jeez frank your channel is growing amazingly you're gaining so many subs keep up the good work
2:35 
Every Joji fan in a nutshell
we get it, you vape.
Nothing has dropped this hard since World War II
I'm going to cum...Your voice is very fucking good.
best video I've seen in 2016
I WANT REAL MUSIC BITCH BRING BACK DAT JOJIIII PRANKZ [GONE MUSICAL] YOU USED TO BE COOL, YOU KNOW
Why not "PINK GUY COOKS RICE BALLS AND RAPS"?
I've unsubscribed just to subscribe again.
is this copyrighted , pink guy?
This video made my razer kraken vibrate or something I don't know
My pink baby's back!!!
This sounds like some OF shit.
Playstore
5 time watching
clean ur dam stove
you could say the beat is............ Filthy
i made riceballs using this as a reference
my parents were very impressed with my culinary skillz until little joey told them he saw me put  cigarette ash into them
This shit bomb'D me harder than the attempts on Paris.
https://gyazo.com/dd42d45e7be5b55010cb666b34a6d22d

I have to escape from boss
Nice Georgy boi, love your beats. Now go shave your friends again, it's been awhile since last you partook in some communal service.
I just kinda wanna put my dick in the tuna rice ball....
Ba ba booie
Best Gift for new year, now i have a song thats fire to play at ma partey. Get them fags, i mean guests to listen to REAL music.
Honestly a sick remix m8
What do people use to make beats, what software? Any ideas, anyone?
I fuck with it
why bother forming balls? And who eats tuna and with rice and nothing to it?
Why is this song good? Its supposed to be a joke.
Reminds me a lot of Lil Dicky.
Beat so dank it made me high off of it
This is great
THIS SONG STRAIGHT UP FIRE YO
OOOOOH HE'S BACK BOYS
PINK OMEGA IS BACK
Where's the fourth wall gone?
Once again, another sick song is released by PinkOmega. The beat was awesome, and you drop some bars while you're at it. Keep it up, man!
Frank, will you ever reference that dumb spaghetti meme again?pls b0ss
Pink Nigga just lit up my morning.
Shit on my chest and call me the Mao Zedong
Thanks for the dank tune Papa Franku.
lo lo lo by
nice jelly donuts
This is better than anything on the radio nowadays
can we have the audio without pink guy's singing?
ok that was awesome
This is my new favorite song from Frank.
Balls of rice
The first song I've heard in 2016. Didn't know this year was gonna start off with me getting cancer.
can we all appreciate the fact that this song is made to the background of 'let's all go to the lobby' xD
his goatee is a joke
This shit FIRE!
another one
you know filthy franks videos  is kind of a work of art Francis of the Filth I support u
2:25 frank breathing out my mixtape
"we want joji music !!!" hahaha xD keep doing what you want mann !
This video turned me on bruh.
Liked,shared,fapped,kissed,hugged,eaten,drank,
Real talk: Whichever persona he chooses, this guy has real talent in dropping sick beats and bringing doses of what-the-fucks and laughter to me and many others out there. So, Happy New Year man. Hope this channel continues to grow, and you have fun making these videos for us. You are who you fucking choose to be, whether it's Frank, Pink Guy, Joji, or whatever  c: cheers  <3
I fuckin love this. Good shit bro!!
Alan's snackbar.
Bringin' REAL hip hop back!
I came
When frank gets his hands on new tech
take my anal virginity
his kitchen is fucked
Beat so dank it made me wet
I hope this blows up like the World Trade!
can't wait for the idubbz vs jinx fight
full version ples
Frank telling it as it is.
This shit is next level, bro.
Rap more, we all love it.
christ the production value of these videos just gets better every time
happy new year!
"Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline." Legendary.
this shit is hotter than hiroshima and nagasaki combind.
this shit is hotter than hiroshima and nagasaki combind.
pink guys about to go platinum for the 10th time
new years eve is overrated.
Ugh yes daddys home

EDIT: btw the cinematography in this is fucking beautiful
"sick beat m8"
Franku, I thought you said Pink Omega and Pink Guy aren't the same person in your universe (in your Pink Omega dumplings song)
Bruh clean your fucking house. especially your stove.
ｉｌｏｖｅ ｔｈｉｓ 



  ｂｙｅ
nice beat bro
First 60 FPS music video
i dont get this channel xD
filthy frank dont smoke its bad for your lungs
Fire🔥🔥
69k likes
Franku dropping bars like birth rates in Japan.
nice
1:11 - 1:30 was perfect. Good on you joji, this music career is really working for you, keep it up man.
old school gangsta underground shit, only rapper who never fell since the first rap song lmao
Nice balls.
The camera work was pretty neato,
is frank really smoking?
His house dude. oh god
//TYLER THE CREATOR x FILTHY FRANK COLLAB 2K16//
SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME AND TELL ME WHAT MUSIC PRODUCTION SOFTWARE YOU THINK OR YOU KNOW HE USES
pink omega God of stretched yoga pants please don't smoke subs ain't shit and we need your lungs to stay healthy
does that mean the vlogs are coming back faggot ? or not you faggot im to downsyndrome to understand
chink a doodle doo
stoned kids could have eaten that rice ball
why did he change the title it was onigiri now it's rice balls
this song actually funks tho also he should clean everything
Papa franku did it again sheeeeeit
🍙
I appreciate this on an actual music level, I don't know why people hate.
Kek muzak.
69k likes ;)
I fapped to this video so vigorously I went back in time to 40,000 chromosomes.
I actually like this song.... Please help me.
this is great XP
I thought it was stated that pink omega was a different character.  Still a good video
Beat link plz papa frank.
i cut myself for you
i want papa to tell me philosophical things while i eat his onigiri
<3
His raps atleast 10x better than ksi's and hes not even trying
Its 1:00 AM 
2016
I just spent my new years watching this fucking shit
it was worth it
what the fuck this is actually semi decent
youre 1 step away from a mixtape
shits fucking fire
Happy new year filthy-faggot! I hope you have a shitty year and don't accomplish your resolutions lol Can't wait to see  your videos xoxo
I wish you upload more frequently and also HAPPY NEW YEAR Filthy Frank!
I'd love to play my guitar in that Synth-tub, no kidding o.o 

Keep up with both your talents, b0ss!
By now you should just quit youtube and get a deal with mos def or something.
This.. is... now... my... life...
When are you dropping your second album?
fuckin daddy <3
finally u piece of shit
I like this beep
man Frank, sorry man but your videos are getting stale brotha. What happened to the intensity of it all?
ey b0ss, happy new years papa franku
This rice looks so fucking delicious.
This song better be selling for 101trillion dollars
I had a dream where I met joji, it was the best wet dream I ever had!
reminds me so much of either tylerthe creator or earl sweatshirt haha
this shit lit fam!
what a messy boy
this type of music reminds me of Tyler the creator
not the lyrics
just the flow n shit
idk tho i might just be a fucking retard
░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█
▒▒▐▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒█▒░▒▒▀▒▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▒▌▒▒▒░░░▒▒▒▒▒▄▀▒░▒▄█▄█▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▒▌▒▒▒▒░▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒█▌▌▌▌▌█▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▀███▀▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌
▀▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
▀▄▒▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀
▒▒▀▄▒▀▄▀▀▀▄▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀
▒▒▒▒▀▄▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▐
░▄▄▄░░▄░░▄░▄░░▄░░▄░░░░▄▄░▄▄░░░▄▄▄░░░▄▄▄
█▄▄▄█░█▄▄█░█▄▄█░░█░░░█░░█░░█░█▄▄▄█░█░░░█
█░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█░░░█░░█░░█░█░░░█░█░░░█
▀░░░▀░░▀░░░░▀░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀░▀▄▄▄▀
reminds me of Tyler the Creator, loving it
Ey George, this is really similar to Tyler te Creator song, he inspire any of your material in any way. Track sounds good too.
Pssshhhh I watched this when it was called ONIGIRI. Get on my level 12 year olds.
Yay, music from joji! ^-^
[Verse 1]
Welcome to the terror dome; the upper echelon
Investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals;
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
I'm just trying to strangle these

[Verse 2]
This the beep blop, you make the beat flop
Breathing more cushion than the seat got, so we got
The beat dropping harder than your son's balls at twelve, not
To mention that we harder than Viagra with a big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know that I'm a schizo; I be hearing shit
So don't be fucking me, cause bet your ass I'm hearing it
When I get done with you I make sure that you're celibate
(Ewwwwwwwww)
Fuck your dog I can smack at your teeth
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
(What, is that too rude?)

[Interlude]
I'm a fucking nuisance
With different types of abuses
I'm running up in the premises
Helping you tie your nooses
Cause all of you fucks are clueless
And do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh
Like oh
Oh
Oh

[Verse 3]
I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerk it to my titties, pop it off on some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or
Beat their fucking teeth in cause they raised shit
You sound like "I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I drop my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday" This one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini-golf champion; you got no drive, player
Fuckboys treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hood screaming like a mammal
Ripping through the flannel burning ass on my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role mode;
Don't be fucking crying when I'm smashing your kid with a bottle
I'm just chilling making rice balls everyday I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave

Cause I'm already heated (That's not funny)

[Outro]
(Uh, we want real music)
(We want real music, we want Joji music)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Bro, I didn't even know real and fake music existed
I mean, I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories
Like, music is music; if you don't think this is real music that's your fucking problem
Like, who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary funny video at the same time, you know?
Whatever man, it's your boy Pink Guy, Pink Omega; whatever the fuck you wanna call me, I don't give a fuck
Coming at you again, still doing that wacky crazy shit bro, ain't nothing changed, so see you next time
My first Youtube comment of 2016. God help me....
It's videos like this that make me question his sanity he's a fucking genius
I let my uncle stick my testicals in a horse and I think I popped one
Happy 2016 Franku~
Here's to another year of pure cancer
Yes! this is what we love man. keep cranking out the music. can't get enough of it.
Pink Guy, 
Are you going on tour? I'm sure iDubbbz will make a kickstarter to fund your travel expenses.
p.s. Have you seen the movie Chef?
I need this beat
what a waste of a rice ball
+TVFilthyFrank holy shit how do you live in that shit hole of an apartment real talk.
I think that was Frank's real voice at the end. Cool.
Better than ksi.
thanks pops
2016!!!!!
Loved all the 2015 vids, good ending, hopefully just as much or more in 2016!
If you were a chef at a restaurant
i wouldn't eat you food
HNY Papa Franku. please help me through 2016
Shit Pizza is wat u gotta do
Lab lab lobby
watching this in 2016
Filthy Frank is honestly the Asian Tyler the Creator
i want rice balls now
happy new years you retarded faggot
Please make instrumental version :D
they call Frank autistic
i call him authentic






happy new year
You do you Frank, we'll still love ya'
wash ur pink guy suit jfc
This is honestly better than most rap songs.
Its not that people just want real music they want to see what real filthy frank is like
is that was frank actually sounds like?
When you're shitting and the water splashes you...
who's watching this in 2016??  xddddddddddd
Faggot
You, sir, have slightly more chill than usual..
sad that this is better than most music now
Love the track mate, especially that beat haha. Thanks for a fucked up 2015 Frank, looking forward to the nastiness 2016 will bring. Keep being you Papa Franku and making the stuff that you enjoy making as we will enjoy watching it tenfold <3
Hey real talk, when you drained the water out of the rice, were you washing it?
GEORGE FUCKING MILLER
Plz drink sum moar cigarettes! You da best!
the comment section will never be the same as it was before fuck, the good ol days are gone you fuckin faggit ass weebs
Fucking cringy as always Filthy Frank keep up the work.
Filthy Dank.
U loyal u a geniuzzz buy a house to your momma
This is idk fuking amazing dude !!
I like how u can make a song bout rice balls thts really good
0:24 Raw Beat
actually this song is almost good, I'm impressed here
Shit's fire
Better then ksi
Damn if the lyrics were less troll this song would be legit
That beat was hard af!!!
I came when I saw this in my subscription inbox
Someone make a 10 hr version of this
dis wot hapen wen u habe too much puszi
you're my favorite youtubers if not one of them then my #1i like your honesty your self confidence your truthfulness you're just an amazing hilarious dude and afort is outstanding!! love you man (no homo) 
;) PS/I enjoyed every second of this year content and just you in general. the haters can go kill themselves because IRL they're lonely ugly fat ass no lifes..
Frank's best track so far.
Anybody got this instrumental?
FilthyFrank is my drug.
Thanks for rice ball tutorial, now what brand of cigarette do I need.
I would deep fry those. that'd be good.
Proud of you
This is art.
release instrumental version
do another video plees, bos plees, have u seen ań veedeo plees.
tuna rice balls..gonna attempt to make these tomoz...do you chill them after shaping them?
This is better than Kanye's new song, RIP.
will there be an animated series?
the cinematography is amazing I'm blown away
this is exactly what I needed for 2017
Awesome video boss keep up the good work man. Fuck weebs
yooooooo this shit fucking fire fam!!!
Wait what the fuck?
Why was this song good?!
this video is cancer
happy new year George. i hope you get better 😁
This is why I watch filthy. (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ
You do you man. I'll keep watching.
fuck my Cancun
fuck my cancur
fuck my cancur
This tune is sick I personally don't mind what name you go by, you keep making music like this call yourself a God, I don't give a shit
dad pls
fuck my canur
this cinematography growing better and better even this is not a final form
Frank destroyed this ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy 🔥
the beat changes around 1:17 anyone know the name of it?
Sometimes I forget how much fire frank spits, and the beats too lord jesus
KMS
I need a microwave because I'm to cold
the best fuking song ever bro not kidding keep doing those vids m8 i love u
1:45

That face is priceless.
R U A WIZARD?!??!!!??!?!?!?!,?????!??!??,????!!)56$()?6)?!?!?!????????!?!???!?!!!!!!!????!?!???!????,,?
Who's watching 2016?
Some earl sweatshirt type feeling at certain parts
This is the last video I watched before returning to Benning. Never change, Papa Franku, never change.
i love you too much
Man, I've been looking for a pair of glasses like those for ages! Where do you buy them?
oh the games people play
Amazing cinematography, Frank. Tight rhyme game too.
Dre would be proud.
Papa Franku can you please reply to me :c
i love the beats you make. they are all really good.
whenever i watch this videos i just think hey i remember something HIS NAME IS i think like FUCKING CRAIG WTF THIS GUYS NAME IS FUCKING CRAIG or something :P
Bro I love your videos and hope u have a wonderful 2016
This song doesnt need a microwave bc thats fire
please marry me
Who is watching in 2017?
Frank gets evicted every 90 days and thinks it's cool.  #Homeless
Those are good riceballs
Frank is TOO gay.
This song was really good. Stop making videos of you doing disgusting shit and do a song with kanye.
FUCK YEA PINK GUY ALL DAY BITCHES!!!!
He changed the video name😂😂😂
what did I just watch
who is watching in 2016
I love his beats. Glad their back
Holy shit this us so good
What're you fucking gay?
Glad that you're lookin after my glasses chef
playing this in 2016
Its 2016 bois
I DONT NEED THE MICROWAVE
I was born in the right virgin retard
TVFilthyFrank Best vid ever😂😂😂
omg this beat is incredibly nasty or ´filthy´ as you would say
what are this i luv u franku chan
Thanks for the great 2015, and other great years. Your music is absolutely brilliant. Your content is most likely the dankest side of the internet.

Lets enter the filthiest 2016 we can have.
Happy New Year to you to!
awesome 2015 frank, you finally made it to one million subs this year!!! Can't wait for what 2016 brings :D
dank
I really liked this video. good work pink guy.
Video starts at 0:00 
Thank me later
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!
Fuck yeah papa that was fire
I feel like none of you listened to the lyrics.
Bring back jojimusical vlogs
GET THE PATTY WAGON
Pink Guy; The Professional
FRONK WHAT DAW DO U USE
this is legendary
Phat beets from Dr. Pink
Nice beat
anyone know how to do that filter that makes everything look kinda grimy and grey-white washed? thanks
Tyler, The Creator - Tron Cat vibe anyone?
Oh yesshhh
I need the beat
Frank I'm glad to see that you haven't gone completely autistic due to your fanbase.
Keep it up
Hey boss happy new year 🙂
this video. i am at peace now
times sure have changed missed dis shet right here
I hate the stoopid Joji fuckboiis, just enjoy Frank's shit! 
I see Frank has made the strategy of fighting cancer with cancer!
These songs are actually really creative with a lot of good wit. I'll take off my top hat and monocle now and say that again in the language of many of your fans:

     u da b0ss, papa franku :)
I suck dick for money
what beers were on his table?
a new type of cancer has been found! Thanks Frank
I NEED THAT BACKROUND MUSIC IN MY LIFE
this actually taught me how to make rice balls thanks papa franku
this vid is awesome
That beat be dope as a fuckin weeaboo
2:15 "erryday" love that!
ey b0ss
question, have you ever considered making a serious rap track. no lie youve got talent looking through the funny shit
Pink Guy your fans are ruining your image
Happy New Year!
poetry
This is my fav channel :D i hope u keep making more badass, retarded stuff XP
IDK Y this reminds me of some Odd Future Shit!
When you know it Papa drops the sickest, dopest beats on New Year's
fuck shit stack?
The beat is actually so sick tho
Happy New Years
Those are nice jelly donuts.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!! ..............Probably no one will ever notice this comment (I am the ultimate forever alone( goes and cries in the corner) ).
Bring back JP 101
Pink guy gets all the pusi.
I was born in the wrong generation! I'm so sick of all the popular main stream music of today. I'm only 15 and I listen to pink guy lay down some sick beats. I can't be the only one who still listens to pink guy.
I want the soundtrack :v
Frankie boy, I've loved your shit since late 2012/ early 2013. You and pink guy and the whole gang make life so much easier. Keep doing your shit, here's to another cancerous year, lets make this one worse.
Dear Filthy Frank:
I fucking hate you.

Love: Dick
HAVE A FILTHY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I fucking love your videos you autistic fucking faggot
This is possibly one of the best beats I've ever heard. And as just about everybody has pointed out, there is sort of an OF vibe here, but that's a good thing.
Thanks for all these videos Frank! Can't wait what you got for 2016.
Good
best intro ever
Normally you're really cancerous and filled with chromosomes, but this really had a chill feeling to it, you're my fake New Years kiss pink guy
I have Lyme disease
I can handle your balls if you can fertilized my eggs.
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                    Who's watching this in PRISON?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
cancer
ITS 
ITS THE BEAT
THE BEAT FORM THE THING
THERE IS A GOD AND HIS NAME IS JOJI
Joji stepping up his game
have a Happy New Year b0ss
hey man can you do an instrumental version of this, because i really like the beat.
That shit was lit
why did he change the name of the video from Onigiri to Riceball? to be more english, and atract more viewers?
lets all go to the lobby!

lets all go to the lobby!

lets all LAW go to the LAW
LAWLLAWLWAWLAWLW
LAWAL
WWLA
WLA
LWLLWLALALWLWALWLA
WLAWLWALLAW
CANT STOP WATCHING THIS
Im not diggin the cigs tho tbh.
This shit isn't filthy it's pretty clean. Go hang yourself you dipshit
1:08 I loved that part
good 1
明けましておにぎりございます！今年も曲と映像楽しみにしております☆彡
I don't think this is exactly how you onigiri.
Get this shit on spotify
Do you actually smoke?
Keep doing what you love Joji!
Filth Gang till I die nigga
Good video Frank
Nice how-to vid
This is amazing and i genuinely good music, it has good flow and I really enjoy the clever lyrics I wish you the best in you future musical/comedic ventures keep up that creativity - Best of wishes, Doug To: Possibly the best rap artist Ive heard
i fucking love you xD hahahaha
advertising goya and budweiser!!!!!!! oooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love all that George's channel stands for. I think alot of the creativity and thought that goes behind some of these vids/raps, goes over alot of peoples head's. The fact that he's made lore with all the realms etc. It adds so much depth to it all. Seperating all the charecters he's made into their own personalities. Beyond the veil of over the top retardation, is some really thought provoking shit. I  can't imagine the pressure he feels to please the crowd. It sucks he had to break pink guys's 4th wall (heh) and basically say he doesn't give a shit anymore. He's gonna do w.e tf he wants. It's awesome the fact that when he's in one of his charecters he usually sticks with it. Unless he start laughing at how absurd it all is. Idk why i typed this long ass thing but point is if you read this dude, keep doing you. Your  cool af and wish I could crack a beer with ya. Happy new yr and all that ya bunch of fucks.
Franku why change title .  i like onigiri
Filthy Frank: The Modern Picasso (Unappreciated in his time, but will be loved in the future)
Pretty fly dude.
Good beat and verses, loving it.
Keep it up fam
fire
I wish that Filthy Frank was on spotify
This is lowkey lit as fuck
i likked pik guy intil he startd smoekng
you are huge ホモ
if its not weed or crack don't smoke it
These rhymes are too real
That proleteR reference
this song is qwality
Happy new year frank! I love you very much
New album please father
I will never hit the fucking unsubscribe button. NEVEUR
Is it odd that I found Franku this attractive than ever.
It's like Tyler the Creator died and was reincarnated of an autistic white guy
idk why but i would love to see you collab with tyler the creator
i bet filthyfrank would be a nice guy to meet
GOD the filthiness is too real on this video!!!!!! Thank you for laying this giant pile of steaming delicious shit on our plates  papa Franku. Let's see what goodness you can dish out on our faces on 2016. With love, a fan that likes weird shit.
love these vids! Where does Geroge even live?
Awesome :)
Long live Filthy Frank.
pink guy is life pink guys love
This is too serious for me
is this like the official break of the fourth wall
frank>childishgambino
Great video
kinda sounded like a Tyler the creators old version of rapping
Anyone know where or if I can download this sick best
Fuck yes Pink Guy is back!
Why u change the title?
I love to make Onigiri in my spare time so this vid was a dream, Thanks Joji and thanks Pink Guy! I simply adore your newer videos and I must say E.T2 was a visual masterpiece this one also. Though it's a little surreal seeing the vids in HD. I hope you have a wonderful time making new videos and I hope your fans enjoy them for many years to come. Thanks man have a lovely new year. By the way Pink Guy, simply lights up my day with his antics in a positive manner. Oh geez I feel so shy now, whatever muthafucker adios "Incomprehensible Pink Guy Screech"
Bitch why'd you change the name from Onigiri to Riceballs
This is actually fire
You should collaborate with Showry
This shit drops harder than the twin towers
Another album??? Hell yeah.
Sick beat
With all the "kill yourself" stuff and certain parts in your videos I'm starting to think you are depressed and reflecting how you feel about yourself and life. You seem sort of like the depressed clown who goes to the doctor for help and the doctor suggests seeing the clown, he replies "but I am the clown". I hope you're okay, take it easy dude
This is beautiful
this isnt music... this is a masterpiece a cancerous one
This seems like something Tyler The Creator would be featured in ! I love this song so much I would honestly buy ! Please make a album i need you and tyler the creator in my life!!!!
my hero
Yo0o0o0o0ouuuuuUuUuUu dIDENT dew THAAH "itZ FILTHY FREANK" thinG AT thU Ent
Luckily this shit is fire because otherwise he'd have to continue eating these rice balls raw
Oh, lemme in on this beat Papa Franku:
So many different flavors of strange
This is the best one
He's cookin rice balls in the kitchen
So come and get some
Hit that like, and subscribe if you might
'Cause we got pink guy rappin' on this New Years night.
I'm lyrical spiritual hahahahahahaha lol
I got that sweatshirt vibe
THIS SHITS FIRE . THIS TYPE OF SHIT GONE BURN STAGES AND SHIT RELEASE ANOTHER ALBUM DO IT LIKE SLIM SHADY
Franku you're growing a neckbeard b0ss.
I love you fankoo your my third favorite youtuber. put me on a comment comeback uh hu.
Pink Guy Album 2.0?
Where's the lyrics dude?
canerous glorious music aside thanks for providing entertainement for me this year
<3 thank you
Oh yeah making some rice balls with that Goya. Some good shit.
Is this on itunes
mamas secret ciggarette cancer ramen soup recipe mamamia!!
+ TVFilthyFrank: Excited to see what the evolution of this channel will be. It seems like you keep working to be innovative with it. Keep it up mang.
Does Joji actually smoke, or is it just for his videos LOL
its the best song in 2016 for now (in my country its 2016 for 6 h )
Lyrics plz b0ss
Feel like pink guys flow is comparable that of Tyler creator, I could be wrong but anyway this shit is still flames
What did frank say about internet rapping again?
>2016
>not committing suicide
Big fan of public enemy +TVFilthyFrank ?
I love how much he makes fun of his fans in this
those glasses and beard reminds me of django unchained
dope
Awesome song FithyFrank keep making them plez boss
Who's rapping?
i kinda wanna meet you in person, to see what you are when you arent in a video, and i also wanna know what gives you all these weird or fucked up ideas
shits fire fam
TYBG
ummm doesn't he mean jelly donuts? Pokemon taught me that there is no such thing as rice balls... They are Jelly Donuts! :(
Pink Guy found a high-frame rate camera. The world is a better place now.
the lob part of lobby sounds like black ops 2 zombies
How do I make music like that? I don't have a synthesizer and a group of professional musicians
I love all ur raps ur just smart somethings different gg
Bring back JojiPranksTV
this is like the best fuckin channel on all youtube
can you put this on the spotify for my grandson???
what will kill papa franku first smoking or chin chin
Rapper of the century
But how can be 2016 if world end of 2012
what the fuck even is "real music"? I'll admit to appreciating live instrumentation over DAWs and mixing software, but all music is real music. People just need something to bitch about
Changing the title to cater to the uncultured swines out there. Good Job franku
happy new years papa i hope you get cAncer and have more subs that poods in 2k16
This camera you are using is dope. SLR?
I'm glad he finally addressed his community
franku only makes videos to sell his mixtape
You're the one who called it the "serious album" when you were working on it/planning to drop it after the Pink Guy album, u fukin faget.
EYYYY BABEE ITS NEW YEARS
happy new years
There is a god...that God is....PINK GUY
+TVFilthyFrank me and my friends have been watching your vids for a while now, and we tend to fight who found you first... HahaXD. Anyway, I just wanna say I love your content and I will never stop watching you. You're awesome bro, keep up the good work!:)
make another loser reads hater comments pls
Feels like listening to tyler the creator
I fuckin love you frank
holy chin chin there has not been a single song you haven't made that im not disappointed with. how come you didn't get a career in music?
papa franku should make the ost for hotline miami 3
The Joji album is looking fucking amazing!
Good vid papa.
dis faek n gey
IM A SPIRITUAL LYRICAL INDIVIDUAL!
I love your videos so much!! I hope that you make more, and your videos really helped me though a lot of stuff, I would name it all but do you really want to hear a piece of shit tell you all of 'its' lies, problems, fucked up shit and family deaths? wait... I just told you. well pretend that I didn't say that because I don't feel like deleting all of that... an please don't worry about anything!! be carefree like your on crack, but don't actually do crack. I love u an bye bye! <3 pls don't hate me
Back to basics nigga
Can't wait to see the Pink Guy Album 2 or whatever.
u REAALLLLY need to make a album man id buy that shot in a second
10/10 music and Jesus how the fuck are you so talented
Wait... Aren't you technically making a mixtape... exactly what you hate
Now that's what I can music 7.
i cant stop listening to this fucking song holy shit
happy new years papa frank
whens the joji album?
Why is this not on ITunes?
Lovin them John Lennon granny glasses
+TVFilthyFrank, you the realest nigga I know. You are the best youtuber ever, and you fuckin rock bro! could I make a request, and if you could, can you make more COTW and more of your angry rants, followed by Salamander Man, Safari Man, Pink Guy and Chin-Chin making more appearances in your upcoming videos? Could you also when in your rant vids, can you rant about shitty, cringey fandoms, like the five nights at freddy's fandom? If you could do that Frank, that would be fucking awesome. STAY FILTHY FRANK, AND HAPPY FILTH YEAR!
I will see you next time, I will always love you joji
Make ET 3 PLZ ET3 ET3 #ET3
nice job frank I love it
nice catchy...
hey joji, I think I met you on a tf2 server, it was turbine, I was Dr. filthyfrank
WE WANT REAL MUSIC!!! WE WANT JOJI!! WAAAH
bars nig <3
Frank, I love you. You're my favorite Youtuber. Here's to 2016, and hopefully it will bring grosser shit than hair cake, rat chef, etc.     
Frank, I fucking love you.
Beast song loved it
This sounds like Tyler the Creator. Dont you agree, fags?
Fucking best song ever Papa Franku Keep it up!
this isnt the dopest thing my ears have been exposed to
nice song frank:) happy new year
fuck you bitch
deep
I'm glad this was made. It's the first time we've actually got a proper explanation about what you're doing under PinkOmega and on the FF channel too.

Nice one as always. Keep it real, especially for the new fans :P
As an OG I rate this 10/Onigiri.
When people say they want rael music, they mean music that's not about anal beads or peanutbutter on my balls let the dog lick it.
2:39 LIKE IF THATS YOUR FAVORITE PART!!

.....
Another piece of art. I love it.
dankest video in months. 4/20
Papa franku help me i havnt masturbated once this year what do i do????
1:21 dat piano thooo
I just realised that I was borne in the wrong generation
your perfect pink omega/joji whatever the fuck you wanna call urself just keep doing whatever the fuck u want, love ur serious music and your wacky shit too 😊
Best lobby music. 69/0 - IGN
Aye B0ss dem beatz b dank as Shet.
Why change the name of the video? Onigiri is way better than just rice balls. If you are going to rename it, just call it R. Balls.
Now listen hear you cheeky cunt. I just want you to put out more music in general lmao keep it up, man. Shit's great.
this is like the primus of rap videos
Any of y'all busta ass niggas know how to make those rice balls shit looks tasty.
Do you have any idea how many alcoholics watch these dope tunes m nuggah
Put your filthy rice balls in my mouth, b0ss~!
Love this shit. Keep them up dude
sorry
Collab with Lil Dicky pls
omg 1:12
george, its a new year and you decide to make some fucking rice cigarette-balls and throw them at the wall. thats sick man, thats fucking sick.
Stour fucking house is messy as fuck but funny vid lol
holy shit this beat is awesome reminds me of when odd future was good and damn this is smooth as shit
loving it
why did you change the title from onigirito riceballs even though its the same thing im just curious
I McFucking love the camera quality.
those are clearly jelly donuts
them balls thow
There a download link? I need it. Please. I will go insane if I can't listen to this offline.
Clean your fucking kitchen dude.
if my dick was big enough, I would have fucked myself
Im on acid , this is fucking great .
+TVFILTHYFRANK do you actually smoke?
SPIRITUAL LYRICAL MIRACLE-
lets get some more rap vids cause honestly, you're better then most rappers out now bb <3
You and Tyler would be awesome together
Do you plan to focus on anymore single instrumental release? 
<3
This was my anthem for New Years.
This is actually fucking dope. Even for some random swedish guy.
Omg what's this instrumental?

It's soo good!
The feets on that lycra suit are pretty....FILTHY!
I'M JUST TRYNA STRANGLE THESE FUCKERS
Hey Frank. Can u do like a deep web adventure for the next filthy frank show episode? Like just go to random deep web links. And record facecam and record wat happens on the websites? Idk just something ive wanted to see. And i think ur crazy enough to do it. So like why not. It'll be something different and unique & super crazy for the show. I think? 🤔🤗😄 hope u read this.
This is some real shit
This video gave me cancer.
And I'm proud of that
Lit
1:30 >half a chair
Is there anywhere I can find just the beat?
is it hard to get reply from filthy frank
it's just a prank bro 2!!!!!!!!!
OH DAMN!!! FRANKS GOT SOME FIRE COME'IN UP!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
New favorite song
what do you use to make the music
Sick as fuck beat
Breaking in the new year Filthy Frank style!!!
🔥🔥🔥
Pink Guy goes Old School! Love it! Thanks for the wonderful year,papa Franku!
This is a trap, don't watch it, it's his mixtape
Also known as onigiri
[iDubbbz Appears] "Hey, that's pretty good."
What're you fuckin gay?
Happy New Year, Papa.
save hip hop. when politikz making a remix with pink guy?
i fucking love your music
this is sick holy shit (like usual ) love your videos so much man keep up the good work, you always make my day !
Actually sounds good lol
where are lyrics?
How much of this song is real? As in how much of it actually pertains to you?  lol
I Think I'm In Love With You
Do you have cancer
Sounds like Tyler the Creator.
ONIGIRL
FilthyFrank and tyler the creator would make a pretty sick song lol
this shit is so good I actually just spent the last hour making rice balls from scratch
Rice cakes
Somebody plz give me lyrics of this plzzzzzz
Pink guy has got a beard now huh
Reminds me of the Odd Future style.
anybody else sense the "I don't give a single fuck were this channel is going" at the end. Good song by the way George 10/13
Great song Joji.
Buy my mixtape
+TVFlithyFrank Pass da devils kabig sham
tyler the creator is that you?
I would actually buy this song
It you ignore all the cancer, it's actually pretty decent...
You are the Asian Tyler The Creator man :')
I know how to make rice balls now
nice butt
DEM 60FPS DOE

PAPU FRANKU.
HAPPY 2016 :)
"Welcome to the rice fields motherfucker"
"Let's All Go to the Lobby" Thank me later
AND PLS B0SS GIBE DE COCKPORN, PLS I HABE KANSER I NEED COCKPORN TO LIVE
pink omega.
Frank's package looking Godlike as ever.
The dark lord has returned. Oh praise be to the maynge.


Ey b0ss when's the next album?
weird mcdonald rap still best song
Hard as fuck Joji.
You smoke and drink like a black dad that beats his wife and kids.
This is the only reason i wish i had alzheimers
I think I found the Japanese Tyler, the Creator.
papa franku doing the lords work
Fire
happy new year daddy
:d
this is pretty fucking good, you should actually start making music m8
shut the fuck up you fucking nigger
" I'm a simple man and I don't need a microwave"
fake or real music i still like your beats,be my dj please.
ある種の鳥は飛べない。
Love how FilthyFrank always keeps it real whenever he's on camera.
FRANK HELP ME. my friends slowly becoming a weeboo what do I do please help. PLEASE FRANK HELP ME.
y arnt u smokin a blunt?
Pink Guy's food > Gourmet Food
Great l, now I want Kombu onigiri. Thanks, ass. ;)
First video I watch in 2016... and masturbated to it. NYESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Fuck you papa franku give us joji or give us death.

(Yo but for real thanks for making the "I eat ass" shirt, easily my favorite shirt)
God I love this song and this guy
ZU'U ALDUIN
Someone, make a downloadable intrumental and original please.
KNEEL BEFORE ZOD
cancerous new year
🔥fire🔥
lit
Pink guy promotes cigarette smoking in 2016
thanks for the butt secs
you should work eith tyler the creator
I miss the music and the rants.
Holy shit the cinematography is amazing.  gg bruh
filthy frank videos must have their own genre/section on youtube
2016 Anyone?
LYRICS (THIS IS MY BEST SHOT AT INTERPRETING THEM - IF SOME ARE WRONG, FEEL FREE TO CORRECT ME)
here ya go:

[INTRO] 

lets all go to the lobby
lets all go to the lobby
lets all go to the lobby to get ourselves a drink

[VERSE 1]
welcome to the terradome, the upper echelon
investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals
i'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
i'm just trying to strangle these fuckers
i'm just trying to strangle these - 
this the bleep blop
you make the beat flop
breathing more kush than the sea got
so we got 
the beat drop
harder than your son's balls at 12 knots
and mention that'll be harder than Viagra with a big cock
i'll fuck you in the mouth again
i'll let you know that i'm a schizo, I be hearin' shit
so don't be fucking me 
so bet your ass i'm giving it
(oh) when I get done with you
i'll make sure that your celibate (ewww)
fuck you dog I can smack at your teeth
and i'll fuck you with the radiator pipe
(huh)
(what is that too rude?)

[VERSE 2]

i'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses
i'm running up in the premises 
helping you tie an instance
because all of you fucks are cool is
and do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in pussies 
like oh
like oh
oh
oh
yeah

[VERSE 3]

I fuck around for money like a cam whore
jerkin to my titties
pop it off on some gay shit 
I fight your dad in the parking lots and or
beat their fucking teeth in because they raise shit
you sound like:

"I NEVER RESPECT MY KIDS, AND I RAISED A PIECE OF SHIT, AND I DROP MY KIDS OFF AT SOCCER PRACTICE EVERY TUESDAY."

oh
this be for all the folks that be dead inside
mini golf champion, you got no drive playa
fuckbois treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
uh
i'm on the cars hoods screaming like a mammal 
rapin' through the flannel 
burn an ass on my chest with the camels
i'm here to be an act, not a role model
don't be fucking crying when I smashin' your kid with a bottle
i'm just chillin, making rice balls
everyday
i'm a simple man
I don't need a microwave (x5)

because i'm already heated (that's not funny) 

[OUTRO]
im pretty fucking drunk right now, i can hardly remember watching this but im pretty sure this is some good shit son
what am i doing som
Keep up the good work 👍🏿
It's been awhile since pink guy rap
Love the Fast and Furious film style.


That movie also really represents your love life.
Caden
This is art.
Stella Artois? I knew you were a douche bag.
I illegally downloaded this. Hope you don't mind.
Franku is love, Franku is life.
Happy New Year man, can't wait for the music and videos you drop in 2016. You're a bloody legend.
Fill my butthole with scorpions
There should be a pinkguy spotify
This video is almost the most popular rice ball themed video on youtube already.

Thank you based Franku.
60 Fps of awesomeness!
happy new year
That's actually a real good tune. Sick man
filthy Frank makin some fuckin fire....fuckin fantastic man.... keep being the human torch dude 👍
Cum in my lobby if u know what I mean 🍿
Is this on your sound cloud?
You should make music with Kohh
+TVFilthyFrank I really liked and enjoyed the commentary at the end. It's refreshing to hear your opinions from time to time and it made for a good verse. Please add this to the food raps playlist! Happy New Year Franku!
You should join odd future
Luv u papa franku chan thank you for an amazing 2015!!!!
wait you raminds me of my big brother XD
Dank af
AEsTHiC
lyrics plxxx
Tonight im going to blast this at midnight and make people angry that things mean stuff with the what jizz forth nigeer faggot weenick
Bababui
make a happynew year rap X3
happy new year you ebola spreading bag of shit
Hi
he should be in odd future
sample anyone?
Why is pink-guy becoming more social lol?
Wow, I love this song! Probably my favorite song of yours. Really great!
yeah buddy
I was legit jamming like a mother fucker to this
What kind of rice are you using? I can never get mine to stick properly.
ey b0SS
This shit dank asf thx bb
happy new years fag
cigarettes fit him for sure
I love you Frank.
What a glorious human
mixtabe of the yer
Drama.
Imma getting my new 2o16 boner right now papa Franku u are invited to eat my kids!
pussy destroyer
i like how this apartment slowly got more and more filthy
like those rhymes
a true spiritual lyrical individual spiritual miracle
HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISsssssssSSSSSSSS
im doing the same thing with my ballz
fuckin fire
Keep replaying this shit since 2015, who watching in 2030?
the best way to end the year
HOLY SHIT THAT VERSE AND THAT BEAT FROM 1:15 -1:35 WAS STRAIGHT FLAMES 🔥🔥
Your floor is fucking dirty!
Man, last year felt like yesterday. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
What genre is this?
I love the line "who says I can't drop shit while making a culinary, funny video at the same time". Maybe now people will get it through their heads that music is music.
Lick my duckbutter frank
nice 2d chair
Nice mixtape bruh
This reminded me of a Tyler the Creator song. Probably best way to end 2015.
eh, happy new year bOss from eh Spain
You should start music career, you cancer
This is a master piece
I started smoking so show my support for Filthyfrankz smoking habit. luckily for me I have friends that will buy them for me so I can be cool like frank.😁
Still a good tune m8
Please frank read some hater comments it's been a while since we've seen you roast some hoes and trash
Nice jelly filled doughnuts
Quality
Heard this beat in a lot of your other videos, glad you made this into a full track because it's dope af, Happy new year Frank/George/Pink whatever the fuck. Keep doing it man
U are the cancer of the internet. I love it.
back when frank had 200k subs. this man never changes! best boss.
Don't touch that dial now...
Pink Guy.... You're damn... Pure Entertainment i love you, you piece of shit. You Ignorant fool
Your'e're*
Snazzy editing.
I made rice balls for cooking class a couple months back. You can't do it without a bangin beat.
Somebody has been lifting
Considering everything that's happened in that kitchen, I'd never eat in there.
I wonder what cancerous shit 2016 has for us. keep up those videos Papa Franku( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Pink Guy's sikk flow proves to me that I was born in the right generation.
Your stove top is filthy.
We need more of this. Good job.
yo be careful man a label's going to actually try pick you up
2016 is almost here. Well, fuck me sideways
Actually passed new year with this masterpiece.
Oh man, I used to listen to the small snippet of this beat back when I first heard it in one of your vids. I fucking love this beat.
this is the greatest
Gud
I wish you threw the rice ball at one of your friends lol
dude, keep making this shit... this is fucking gold!!!
swang in over 90016
the tune in 1:23 is so sick
this is actually a sick song with a sick beat, pls make a song that like serious? i bet it would be so good!
I want those sunglasses he had on in the beginning any idea of the style or brand?
Why did you change the title tho
Wow, J Cole's newest track sounds pretty dope.
That sexy facial hair, though.
based
i upload song on my page look fagits
This is actually kind of a cool video visually.
whe nthe fuck is pink omega droppin gthis shit
this song pretty much says " I just work here" and shits on all of the autistic 12 year olds. Frank you're Edboy AF.
DOPE
we love u franku keep up the filth
I want a 30 min autistic video
I want this song to be played at my funeral.
Happy new year to you! :D
It got too real

You okay dude?
Rice  balls got nothing on rat tacos
True.
u need to stop smoking u negro
Smoke some Rice will ya.
1:12 ACID HOUSE!
Pink Guy, Supa Hot Fire, and Super Minecraft Kid have to get together to make the ultimate rap song.
All jokes aside this is kinda fire
Love the beat, and the song itself. Keep being filthy bro.
Instrumental pleaaseee
wow this is really good
When that piano came in... Keep up with the videos man!
You make the most fucked up shit but you're one of the nicest person I've seen on YouTube. I memorized kill yourself by pink guy and I love all your raps!
poop
sounds like something tyler would make tbh
im liking the new camera
This channel grew pretty fast during this past year... Happy New Year faggots
Dude this is fuckin great.
yussss
fire beat and some hot ass bars
I will celebrate new year's with a filthy frank marathon
holy shit ive been watching you since 2014 its been a year exact and honestly i love all of your music and skits, they make my day alot of times,thanks for that you fag
keep it cancerous papa
best song of the year released 1 day before it ends
Daddy!!!!!!!!!
dat bass though
2:25 the face of a righteous god
thank you papa franku
Rice recipe?
Happy new year papa!
These new videos are getting worse frank wtf
Posts "ONI GIRI"
Realizes audience is too white
Changes video name to "RICE BALLS"
Whatre u fuckin gay frank? Fr fr..
sounds like a song by tyler the creator
The farther down you scroll into the comments the more cancerous it gets
Sweet moves frankie, your buns are on fire after that verse.
Thanks for a great year Frank!! See you in 2016 bruh!
Hey boss!!!!
Still better than Ariana Grande
... a lot better
Youre pretty good at the black-music ya know
the rap bOss is at it again
Who thought a pink guy would bring hip hop back?!
Why are you not a famous freaking artist yet? Like Drake got notin on you bro
this made my brother eat shit
dank as fuck
nice fucking memes dude ur goatee is so fucking edgy that im literally cumming in my pants omg 3spooky5me dude i love radiator pipes in my asshole because wait what omg im just typing this on skype when my two friends are talking about some random shit and they are like not even paying attention to my screen sharing omg lol i bet this comment looks long and very fucking meaningful but its pretty cool how many people dont read the entire thing omg lol Kappa Keepo #Feminism i'm so cool and im gonna post this when my friends are watching this.
i was born in the right generation
This kid looks like HITLER, fucking kill this jap cunt.
Don't judge but his voice is very similar to jack/John from jacks films
fuck yeah
yes! Hit up Tyler and do a collaboration! Shit would be dope.
it ..sniffle it's so beautiful
Why are people triggered that he smokes?
I made a video of agario pleas check it out if I get 10 views I will make a new video and happy new years ;).
My balls are rice
Let's All Go to the Lobby
Let's All Go to the Lobby
Let's All Go to the Lobby
To get ourselfs a treat
Delicious things to eat
The Rice balls cant be beat
The sparklings memes are just dandy
The hair cake and the candy
So Let's All Go to the Lobby
To get ourselfs a treat
bleep blap
Put these videos in a time capsule so we can remember this shit forever
Thanks for the recipe!
realest shit since hitler
i luv u frunk
poor life
This makes me want to bust a nut.
I'm finna.
danke
This was tight haha
wasn't the video called "onigri" when i first saw it?…
rat chef owns a cat 30 tomorrow
Papa's Main Man is back
no need to justify anything bro pink guy b on his srs shit homie love da tuna in my ass . hny man keep on keepin on babe
Your ass is grass, and i will mow it
"I-I want r-real MUSIC! Huhh-h-hh.!! "
60frankspersecond. so good
I hope that in 2016 you will be more swag, smoke weed every day and more hilarious (if you can)
I'm moist.
the intro gave me a Knxwledge feel
Is.......Fantastic...
I want this on iTunes please boss
fucking goddamn titties goddamn beat goddamn you know what i mean?
YES!! you've done it again. great video & great music.
I need more dank filthy raps like this bro
Happy New Years! Thank you for being you.
another fine track by the almighty pink guy
<3
I'm offensive and this is autistic.

See? That joke worked because this is the most autistic channel on the internet.
Tvfilthyfrank the channel were u listen to awesome music while learning how to cook ty papa franku i ruv u<3
this is fucking gold
Wat's with the title change Papa Franku-San
pink guy should make a LP vinyl.
Ra-ra-raraw meat.
Badass song :) keep up the good work ;)
this is actually sick
its the white boy who said it
Tyler the creator should learn a thing or two from this....
Instrumental please papa.
You can sense the fedora wearers writhe. Listen to them whisper: ugh, rel musik meng ugh. rel musique briugh....
Notice how he dropped cigarette ashes into the pot.
The secret ingredient is CANCER.
Yo franku please do a dope freestyle
happy new year franku-sama!!!!
I hate how much i love those beats!
We want more pranks gone sexual vlogs
Majestic masterpiece
Papa Franku, you gotta do an episode on SJW's. The World needs this
so... new pink guy album? :3
I've always wanted to see cancer in 60fps.
You know ive always felt that the rice in my onigiri was missing something....Turns out that something was cigarettes

rated 5/5 stars on epicurious now.
trillest sht i ever seen
Pink guy has a neckbeard
did you really have to change "onigiri" to rice balls or was it always like that
my computer is on fire fam
Title changed from Onigiri to rice balls, cool
fuck all the fags that are giving u shit man, do what makes u happy and the real fans will stick with it til the end. Thank u for putting out more music too, fucking love it :)
Cool beard
You looked like a Aussie/Jap version of Django
this needs to be on Spotify
I never spank my kids
and i raised a piece of shit
and i take my kids to soccer practice every Tuesday.



ima just shoot myself right then and there if i ever say that.
I want this to be on spotify so badly papa please
Pink Guy really needs to go on a world tour!
Send nudes bb
finally something with at least a TINY BIT of quality you cocksucker. well done weeb, well done.
>"No such thing as real and fake music"
>"Has rap parody video saying "This is real hip hop""
Damn! Now I know how to make rice balls!
Dang, man, listened to this a lot today, you really have some talent dude! :)
Papa frank literally references people whining about bringing Joji back, and then what do people do in the comments? Well they whine to bring Joji back of course. I expect nothing less
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                     WHO'S WATCHING THIS IN 2016? :^)
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
jk, kill yourself faggot.
S A D B O Y S
The title magically changed
Damn Frank, this song and video is fucking awesome. Can't wait to see what you cook up in 2016 Papa Franku
Everytime I watch your videos I feel like a part of my brain breaks. It's so crazy and stupid. I love it.
Sick ass beats mein niggu
franku ... you should post more :)
this song is so fire
Origiri?
i love you papa
I was born in the wrong generation also check out my new mix tape
I'm increasingly convinced that the problem isn't that Filthyfrank is changing, and is instead actually his fanbase that's changing -- because now that Filthyfrank is becoming mainstream, he's receiving much more attention from a much wider and possibly autistic audience than he was when he was simply dizastamusic.

Keep this in mind -- old school frank fans. Keep this in mind. Eventually joji WILL snap, and tell everyone to fuck off.

They always do.

P;S -- if you start making money off these videos, you WILL eventually have to tone down your offensive content. When that toning down becomes clearly visible, that WILL be the death rattle of this channel and a massive exodus from this channel WILL take place with people looking for the next edgy untapped talented youtuber to subscribe to.
im gonna end up using this as a tutorial for riceballs .-.
Keep it filthy in 2016
Pinkguy dropping some real shit right there
Hope to see more dank tunes by you in 2016!
I thought you were gonna drop that audio mixer in the tub and kill yourself. 1/10
This song is fucking dope keep up the good work
+TVFilthyFrank keep up the good shit, boss (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
this was insanely good, one of my favorite tracks you've ever put out
fire
I love this guy, what a riot xD
Id pay .99 cents for this on itunes
you're good at this music shit. do you have any non filthy music? lol
i wish more people from my generation could appreciate this music
Fire 🔥🔥🔥
"PinkGuyVevo" coming soon.
Waiting for the rap genius annotations
i like
wtf XD 10/10
Why'd you change the video title
THIS SHIT IS FUCKING FLAME
frank
listen man
I fuckin love you dude
papafranku pls have my children
Hey, that's pretty good.
why the title change
Tyler, the creator and filthy frank in one song ??!
Have a happy new year Joji!!! Thank you so much for all the content and effort you put into this! You are the man! 8 D
Got a new camera?
alaha mak my bard sack
Nujabes alive?
Now you need to write some shit for Ethan and has him featured in the next video, you fucking faggot. Him, or get the gay retard to do it.
This video gave me fucking cancer







thats actually pretttyy gooouudd.
this is fucking awesome
can u fucking clean ur apartment kthx
When do we get a new album?
U changed the video name
535 Jamaicans thought dislike meant dis i like
Eat all ass. Bro!!
Savage
Pls jojiblogs
Hmmm.. Thats pretty good
Besides being a really funny guy who fucks around as filthy frank Joji is extremely talented. If you haven't heard medicine or love u you're missing out they're simply amazing not to mention his music on here is also good he's just extremely talented over all and I'm kinda sad he never release his album love you George ( no homo ) ( jk all the home )
well i follow your channel since few month ago, and i fucking love your shit, it's magic dude, how can a "channel" be so fcking perfect. i hope you have a nice 2016, greeting from spain Franku&company.
I wouldnt mind his dick in me ;)
This is what's wrong with my generation, I hate dub step and rap!
These jelly donuts are great.
God bless filthy frank
<3
For the love of chin chin do a video about bronies
i love your videos but this one sucks do it better next time papa frenk an happy new year racist cursed pice of crap
Wow, rap in this beat! You sir, are awesome, thank you for all you work, it makes my day fucking nice!
Greetings from México, happy new year bro!
You should release a second album, Papa Franku!
The old franku is backu
The comments about Frank smoking are far more cancerous than any cigarette
When is the new album coming out? It should be called Pink Guy: The Remission
moar batsu game
Can I fuck pink guy
And here we present the internet in one video.

Happy new years faggots.
in all seriousness, this is infinitely better than g-easy, rick Ross, or big sean
I waited 7 years for this video?kys papa franku (fucking owned you bro)
This entire video is a hidden message. Love the series, as usual!
I like to watch porn
You red that right
You read that wrong
drunk watching filthyfrank is my favourite activity
The effort put into this channel is extremely impressive. Thanks for all this dope, cancerous shit. You've grown a lot as a comedian and a musician throughout the years and I'm just glad I've been able to see it. Stay filthy 2k16 (and somebody get this dude a fucking record deal)
lol I fucking love you frank <3
Clean your fucking floor, you filthy sexy man
Can u release your beats please
Happy New Years Frank, just started watching this year and can't wait for next years videos. Make sure to stay healthy! We're just human after all :)
If you performed live I'd totally come see that shit dude
One passage in this song reminded Nujabes
You need to put the Pink Guy raps on Spotify please :D
See u xt tieeeeeeeeeeeeeem
I wonder who he is influenced by.
just become a rapper you would hit the #1 charts in a day BOSSSSSSSSS
Joji or Franku, you're still the filthiest channel on all Youtube.


I'm not complaining. Not at all, actually.
Glad Pink Omega came back
Who was here before he changed the title?
then watch everyone who wanted joji album jump on his dick again saying "ahh I never said dat shit mayne"
LIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTT AF
D͟i͟d͟ a͟n͟y͟o͟n͟e͟ e͟l͟s͟e͟ a͟c͟t͟u͟a͟l͟l͟y͟ n͟o͟t͟i͟c͟e͟ t͟h͟e͟ u͟n͟u͟s͟u͟a͟l͟l͟y͟ h͟i͟g͟h͟ f͟r͟a͟m͟e͟ r͟a͟t͟e͟? L͟i͟k͟e͟ p͟a͟p͟a͟ F͟r͟a͟n͟k͟u͟'s͟ v͟i͟d͟e͟o͟ q͟u͟a͟l͟i͟t͟y͟ i͟s͟ p͟r͟o͟g͟r͟e͟s͟s͟i͟n͟g͟, c͟o͟n͟g͟r͟a͟t͟s͟ a͟n͟d͟ h͟a͟p͟p͟y͟ n͟e͟w͟ y͟e͟a͟r͟!
This beat was in the beginning of human ramen
I love this.
this kinda reminds me of tyler the creator it's great
Definitely got some inspiration from Lil Dicky
FIRST
this is art
Lets fucking go this song is the best
Please put on iTunes ❤️
what's up with shower tile
Hey boss!
this was lovely like all your other music mom
this was lovely like all your other music mom
clean your stove man
About time nigga
That beat is fucking fire though.
Nice wacky crazy shit mang, been waiting for weeks!
FUCK YOU
I FUCKING LOVE YOUR VIDS
FUCK YOU
Smoking is cancer b0ss
fire get him a label
God damn internet rappers
Funny as Shit!!!!!
cancer + rice + slow mo = this
GO BACK TO THE FAKE MUSIC JAP BOI
If 3pac was alive he would diss the shit out of him because joji likes giving hoots to his friends and hang out with his chedda daddies. 3pac will always be the white nigga, not joji
this was so dank
Lyrics are a bit strange but Papa Franku know how to produce a fucking track, sick beat
that 60 fps is gorgeous!
Lyrical spiritual miracle
dude I bumped this shit in my car people kept staring.
jess frank this beat made me hard
That was amazing. Happy New Year to all!
omg 60 frames <3
my nigga, real talk.
this is actually really good!
Did Pink Guy and Pink Omega just become one in the same? Also Papa, it's time to be real with you before the potato famine comes to get me. I found your chanel not too long ago. I never thought that anyone could have the balls to do what you do. I know your fans give you shit by pretending to be edgy, but just know that in the end of the day we love you. Now if you will excuse me, the famine is at my door.
Hey Frank, do you work out?
ode
This is great
Frank's videos just aren't as funny as they used to be
OMG.. dude you need to make a rap.. but the background noises are the sounds you make as pink guy (for ex. eyy b0ss)

Who's with me??
Where can I buy this
Nice
Your rapping is shit but your beats are on point. Just make beats. That's what people mean when they say make real music.
I came.
instrumental?
give me duh pusssy bosss
he tryin a lil bit to be like tyler da creator
he should do a reaction channel like finebros hahah
Those aren't rice balls they're jelly donuts Brock thought me that!
odd future featuring filthy Frank
ホットたわごと
It's cool to see you having fun in this video
can sir
Probably my favorite Pink Guy song yet. Its got the same fucked up lyrics we love with a sick beat (not to mention food that looks slightly appetizing) Thanks for a crazy ass 2015, guys.
Fucking bars.
How did this video get 61k likes if only 600 people exist on this world? Obvious fake likes.
Btw Joji don't stop doing what you do, you strange man
to help me
ia makeing a channel and I need u
Your music are awsome!
Now remember kids if pink guy can smoke you can too
Pink guy is my spirit animal
Cooking like a b0ss
"Ey b0ss or some shit, the twelve year olds think it's funny"

Frankly Franky we'll be impressed when you drop an album with your blatantly exposed dick as the cover art. 

God bless
Another Pink Guy classic. My favorite Filthy Frank, apart from suicidal Mac computer voice.
DAT 60 FPS THOUGH
Wait. WHY DONT YOU HAVE A RICE COOKER WTF I TOUGHT YOU WERE ASIAN
+TVFilthyFrank will there be new episodes of Japanese 101?
those are some really good looking jelly donuts
yeah, I'd pay for this.
Prepare your anus, it's a new pink guy video.
this should be on top playlist ya know
this video answered all the questions you had for filthy frank.
Plz. come to California L.A.
I'm expecting a full PinkOmega album in 2016.
make a video about NEW YEARs
Do you actually smoke Frank/Joji/PinkOmega? Or are they fake?
God damn,the end hit me in the face.
Sick face pubes brah
put that cigarette out young man
why?....
bro I saw all your videos from 2009 on dizasta music and holy fuck man. the best videos are these types of videos.
Maybe alot people say that to you but thats my first time. Of course I don't know real you except videos but you are great guy. I watch you since the video you talk about "shit" all the time I mean I'm not saying to get cocky like some stupid guy "oohh I'm a real filty shit". Anyways thats my first comment to you . I literally laugh at all your videos you are a cool guy. You are the only "youtuber" that I'm interested in everytime I see something related to it. Okay enough of this writing I'm bored I hope you get cancer you filty shit. ..

(Altough if you ever see and answer to this I really want to know what happened to your disease ? Are you totally fine now ? ) 

Finally ; jojivlogs would be so good at a time like this.
Born to early to see the year 3000, born to late to see the dinosaurs roam. Born just in time to watch my Papa Franku <3
Yo frank when you're not throwing up in each other's mouths you spit heavy ass bars that was live
should've left that window open smh
happy new year everyone! <3
this is actually really good
I hope you have a normal life outside of your videos...
we need a needledrop confirmed track reciew
I would go see filthy frank live if he rapped like this live. I love the goofy shit but if he went on tour I would pay.
bars
someone send pink guy to art school.
Why are you such a god
I'm looking to get into film. Need an intern?
Please continue to spread your disease across the world! 

I hope you get to eat all the pussy in 2016 Papa Franku!
This niggas spitting straight wasabi
Why's your house destroyed? ANSWER ME PINKGUY
Where was the Christmas special mang
Rice balls turn me on
nice music
The Filthy Frank religion is the only religion that makes sense
Yass pink guy's back bitchesss!
When did Pink guy grow a beard?  P. S.  Luv u papa franku have a happy 2016 m8
Weeaboos be like: " I CAN DO THAT TOO I LEARNED IT FROM ANIME"
play this at my funeral
For fucks sake Joji do a second Pink Guy mixtape already PLEASE, your music is pretty solid and your vibe is awesome, you should focus more on that tbh
Thanks b0ss
I like culinary funny videos
We want Tempura Boyz 2
at 2:34 is that shamen?
best of 2015
this is actually a good tutorial for making Onigiris
some of your videos.. they disgust me... yet i cant stop watching them.. its a little disconcerting...
Papa I love that 60FPS give me more pink guy smooth groove you know?
I miss the good ol' days when this video was called Onigiri
Another great vid frank. What kinda software do you use for your videos? This looks pretty smooth
Tell me why pink guy can rap in English but when talking he has Down syndrome
I kinda waited to Iggy Azalea suddenly scream "I'M SO FANCYYYYYYYY" but still, it's fucking amazing.
You fucking reptillian fuck
Merry Xmas!
You did it again
The final drop of aids from this year. Hopefully you give me even more in the 666 year.
Love you b0ss, good job sick beats nice mixtape.
Been watching since 2012 and Frank/Joji you're a talented dude with your Filthy Frank videos and you rapping as yourself I love it all. Thanks for making these cancer videos and happy new year
E.T. Never forgetti the onigiri.
Holy shit man, that fat bass, shakes my apartment xD
Nice song Frank.
Lyrics
Papa franku you're a gangsta
Writing with my butt cuz with my hands im cleping
im thankful  papa frank can bring  us together  like this  MUCH  LOVE FRANKU
franku pls
YEY g8 m8
Hey. Gibe that instrumental boss. I would like to spit a bar or two to this.
it was good except for everything after "we want real music" nigga say it in a rhyme dont just saaay it.
wat want mor srs moozik b0ss
YES. YES!, THE ORIGINAL FILTHYFRANK HAS RETURNED!

NOW ALL WE NEED IS FILTHYFRANK RANTING IN FRONT OF A CAMERA.
Semen is the key to sushi rice
Jokes and cancer aside, hope to see even filthier stuff from you Frank.
lets all go to the lobby? movies? what?
Pink guy is a beast XDD
Franks a real spiritual lyrical individualspirtitualyriculindividual
Accidentally played this while at home.....                                                     







My house burned down :/ 



🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
#tybg
Papa Franku with long beard is so sexy
Lyrics pls :>
I wouldn't even be mad if every new FilthyFrank vid was a music video, that shit was hype and funky as fuck.
Thanks Frank, I played this song and my house burned down.
i rate super blyet out of suka nuggets
<3
The Filthy Frank Lovers need to make a site that has the lyrics to all this shit I wanna make this into a postcard for christ sake
I have missed this
A small loan of a million rice balls.
Dah
nice dick ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
>changes name to rice balls 
y :((((((((
your apartment reminds me of the days at my apartment just after getting out of the army, god that place was a shithole, i loved it. although youve actually got some decent furniture and shit lol
Reminds me of Tyler The Creator, but 5 times more raw af
What tasty balls!

And i'm not talking about the rice ones.
like si lloras cada vez
Kids from this generation will never understand when this video was called "Onigiri"
put this on itunes right now
Quit smoking it doesn't make you cool fag
rice balls >>>>>>> cancer
beat reminds me of tyler the creator the fuck ?
o damn franku you're good
Oh my god put this on iTunes
I love the music you make. So dope.
You can't top this
Thank you for the onigiri recipe, George.
Why is the backround song always the Lobby thing? Honestly, it's the one thing I can't figure out about frunk.
I know most of you wont read this...




But I like to run down the middle of my street in a white neighborhood and yell "FUCK THE POLICE" while beating myself with a celery stick.
I have no words.
He's done it again. :)
RICE
BALLS
MEAT
BALLS
SUCK
BALLS
EAT
BALLS
I LOVE YOU FILTHY FRANK
You can clearly see his beautifully shaped penis popping out of the famous pink guy suit.
ok but pink guy has facial hair
I'm not sure if I just saw you on comedy central or not, but all I have to say is. I hope you don't sell out. seen 1 video and a half now. good Shit.
Aesthetic
I need an instrumental of this.
Wtf happened to your apartment
what kind of fucked up shit has happened in every frank comment section since 2014
When u accidently reports papas comment😭😭
Cancer b0ss
thanks for all the vids in 2015 Frank (or george, whoever that gay retard is )..
 Not to be that generic comment but these videos have seriously helped me though the toughest year of my life... you're appreciated papa franku. Here to another year of amazing content. or as DJ Khalid would say, anotha one. 
 papa bless.
Happy New Year to you too
For real tho, it's a nice song :')
I am strangely turned on after watching this.
Filthy frank you're da best YouTuber ever and i hope you keep making videos because they make me laugh when I need it most. Thanks for being awesome, and let's have an even better year than the last!
He got a point, I love all the music he puts out in general
Holy Shit this is awesome xD
george is ugly's cousin
when does Pinkman say hello b0ss gibe me the pussi or ey b0ss i habe teh canc3r? filthy frank is falling of
I've been a non-smoker for 5 years, this made me relapse
You need to collaborate with Onision
nice vid bra 
tell ya friendz
I would watch a Filthy Frank cooking show honestly.
Frank, pink guy, salamander man, Safari man, lemon guy, chin chin, broc-lee, Prometheus, red dick, that one midget, the guy in ur closet that you take chromosomes from, and the rest. I've watched all your vids and was one of ur first subscribers even on disastamusic and I watch your videos daily. TVFilthyFrank u r me lyfe
thank you papa franku
At this point, he could shit on a desk, record it and people would love it.
Luv u dad
Making Rice Balls in the Ghetto (GONE WRONG!)(GONE SEXUAL!)
3:02 thought he's going to put that cig into his nose #lifehacks
Happy new year, fucking cancerous cunts :D
Dude do you have a soundcloud or anywhere I can download your songs
i have been watching you for like 3 years now and all i can say nothings changed your still fucked up in your own way :D
Why did he change the title from onigiri to riceballs?
This may be your best one yet; great job.
Why this sound like sweatpants by childish gambino😂😭
THIS SONG IS #FILTHYFIRE
this beat is fucking sick +rep please release this beat alone too
I love Frank's music, I don't even listen to the lyrics because they're awful, though the music is delicious. Is he considering making serious music?
Hey can we buy this music anywhere?
Perfect 5/7
of human of nationed of you of communication of a human of other than of nationed/ally/a-greement-of-lawing of you so of communication of so of human of living of sureness of other than of communication of human of nation of you and of human of nationed of me of communication of human of other than of nation/ally/a-greement-of-lawing of communication of human of so of human of living of sureness, or of or other than of rather than sureness of other than of communication of human of nationed/ally/a-greement-of-lawing of me........faggot.
Those are some fine ass rice balls.
hearing this on new years eve.
God damn am I lonely!
You guys live in a shit hole
Wouldn't yah know it. I drop acid and the next day is a FF video.
honestly the only thing that bothers me in the filthy frank universe is that he smokes :\
I have a belt and I'm not afraid to hang myself with it. Happy 2016.
Real shit frank! 10/10
happy new year fafa franku!!!!!
I'm glad you had fun but this wasn't even shitty enough.
Lyfe if u rememer wen tis waz caled onigiri
r.i.p pinkomega? oh well, still got your dank memes papa franku
no filthy frank 2015?
Can someone please tell me what OG means???
Shove this beat up my ass and call me a slutty transgender from turkey. This shit is fire. I fuck my little sister to this beat.
Shove this beat up my ass and call me a slutty transgender from turkey. This shit is fire. I fuck my little sister to this beat.
Not cool papa franku y u no giv shout out?
Why'd the title get changed?
Sometimes I feel like dying but then I think about never watching one of your videos again and I start crying, you are the reason I live 😂😂😂
That beard tho
everybody loves you frank
everybody loves you frank
everybody loves you frank
everybody loves you frank
everybody loves you frank
Can I get this on iTunes?
I MISSED ALL THESE VIDEOS SO MUCH
A E S T H I C
Wow I can't believe how many people make fun of him for smoking, it's his fucking decision gawd.
This is a strange cooking show.
Reminds me of Odd Future's style
Quit your day job and become a rapper.
Get you on spotify pls
👌👌👌👍👍👍😴👄😃😞👍😃👄😙👃👍😜👈😜👀👄👀👄👀
Who else just learnt how to make rice balls
If you shat on my chest i'd thank you for it
when iz pink guy dropping tuh mixtape
love these couse the music isn't bad and they're funny.
legit though
Music is franks future he's too damn good
Fuck you, filthy prank.
Yer beats and lyrics remind me of old school tyler the creator in this song :p
This video was:
C reative 
A mazing 
N ew
C ool
E ntertaining and
R ad!!!!
Fuckin Cancer
fire
damn papa just put out that fire for all you faggots at the end
BRING BACK JOJIVLOGS
tyler the creator lol?
smooth filth
Pink Guy is finally able to form proper sentences. Fucking beautiful.
I have those blue glasses
"Music is music of you think this is real music that's your fucking problem" who thinks this isn't real music? I would rather listen to this than Taylor swift or whatever the fuck is popular tho
This video ran at 60fps, which is twice the frames of Bloodborne.
Does frank actually smoke?
You look like the mutant offspring of John Lennon and Mark David Chapman with those glasses on.
Is it me or is Pink Guy evolving...
eY b0sS.!.
Asian Eminem.
Frank why are you smoking its not good for you
This got so real
joji lowkey spitting 🔥🔥
"It's your guy pink guy or pink omega whatever the fuck you wanna call me" me 2
since when does pink guy wear glasses??
Filthy frank looks like flatlander....
neat
No rice balls for old men.
━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━-╮
┃                                     ════════                                  ●  ┃
┃                                       SAMSUNG                                        ┃
┃                                                                                                  ┃
┃███████████████████████████████████┃
┃█ Missed call from chin chin                     .:| [█] 17:28   █┃
┃█  ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━     █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█             █     ████                            ██             ██        █┃
┃█          ██              █          ██          █     █       █     █      █┃
┃█             █           █                                 █             ██        █┃
┃█             █        █                ██           █              █     █      █┃
┃█             █      █                                 ████          ██        █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                thu . 1  Dec.       █┃
┃█  ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━  █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█           13°C                                                                        █┃
┃█         21°|12°                                                                      █┃
┃█         realm 6.2                                                                  █┃
┃█         Partly cloudy                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃█     ╭━━╮      ╭━━╮        ╭---(1)╮     ╭━━╮   █┃
┃█     ┃        ┃      ┃   █   ┃       ┃   V   ┃     ┃ ● ● ┃    █┃
┃█     ╰━━╯      ╰━━╯        ╰━━╯     ╰━━╯    █┃
┃█       Phone         Contacts      Messaging        Apps      █┃
┃█                                                                                             █┃
┃█  ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━  █┃
┃█                                   ╭━━━━-╮                                █┃
┃█    ╭-━-╮                 ┃                 ┃                <━╮      █┃
┃█    ┃ == ┃                 ╰━━━━╯                   ━╯      █┃
┃█                                                                                            █┃
┃███████████████████████████████████┃
╰━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
Let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves a treat
thanks for uploading this frank!
ahah!
This is on par with current music trend, so cool!
Love ya<3
Filthy Frank u should do a rap battle against Greydon Square
Even though frank and I live different lifestyles, you have consistently been my favorite YouTuber. Thanks for the laughs, cringes, and diseases.
Does Papa Franku really live in that apartment?
yea yea yea yea we know but wheres joji though?
Great video to end the year 10/10 - Pewdiepie
Beat please
HAVE YOU SEEN BEAT PLEASS? CAN I HAVE THE BEAT BOSS?
YO OMEGA I NEED THIS BEAT
It burns
When are you gonna release a new album.
for fucks sake frank
i know this shit was titled onigiri before
dont dumb it down for these ignorant plebs cmon man
only tru weebuu-chans know about  dat
Wat is happening wit safari man?  is he sacrificed or sth?
See you next time.
who's watching in 173842069666 CH
You are still the worst channel ever but not bad
So this is what fire sounds like


Also that stove is fucking filthy........ frank
Fucking impressed George, keep it up
Those sure are some nice jelly filled donuts.
fucking great video and music, Lov u franku
nyess, papa, nyess
bro u shold do a duo wit Politikz and Pookie lol ud drop som sick rymes yo kno wat im sayin
if u didn't make videos like this u would probably get pretty far in rapping tbh but nice vid
2:10 Fucking MLG pro trickshotter..... :D
How did you get away with smoking in what looks like an apartment building.
at least try to hide your dick in that suit
happy new year franku!!
good shit mang keep it up b0ss
Stop using the word wacky so often. It's not funny you faggot.
Frank wtf! THIS IS HOT FIRE! This is awesome dude!
this shit fire
I'm so excited for a new year of Filthy Frank! You go man!
this music made my dickhole gape.
9.5/10
goddamn. drop a mix tape already. that beat is solid.
amazing love it :)
Where are the "#BaldforFranku" girls who are going bald because he's smoking?
Dat neckbeard weeb, JK Daddy i love you <3
kinda urked that pink guy smokes but thats more cancer for him i guess :D
next best white rapper
Better than pyrocynicals commentarie series xddddddd truuuuu nigga
finger me
i would rate it 10 cancers out of 12, amazing video with just the right amount of cancer and aids in there however it lacked one thing... Mom's Spaghetti.
chef makes the semen cake
60 fps franku is glorious!
MattyBRaps Reaction?he gives everyone ass cancer
HEY FRANK
WHY DID YOU CHANGE THE TITLE?
FROM ONIGIRI TO RICE BALLS?
Frank bombed it this year. Most of YTers ruin it after 1M subs, but this fucker just got so fucking good. Great work dude.
Oh fuck, forgot you existed!
This was actually good exd
Great song for ending 2015.
You Islamic fuck filthy cruck
this is fire
That was some excellent video work man!
my ass cannot handle this fire
filthy beat em i rite
Happy New Year, bitches
Happy New Year, bitches
Is it sad that I actually like this.
odd future vibes
That slowmos are fucking dope just like the song
I wanna fuck this song
5/10
oH YEAH BUST NUT
Not enough memes
dont forget 2 killurself
your manifold  is showing!
Tyler The Creator Breakdown man
New favorite song
Pls stop caring and being a fag filthyfrank also thanks for working on bleep blap
please release the instrumental
does filthy frank smoke
#freepyro
meme after meme
dude where are you from ?
this beat is top notch 👌
anyone else get a white tyler the creator vibe.
Great videos, keep em comin filthy
Sick beat, you rachet faggot.
Nice neck beard.
POST MORE MUSIC
STOP POSTING EDGY NORMIE VIDEOS 
M U S I C
Sound editing on this was killer dude!
yo check out my mixtape though im gonna make it i swear
#BobEats crazy shit.
dope
fresg beats babea
no cigarettes were actually murdered during the making of this video.
1:11 - 1:34 omg that was so good
More music next year please!
Frank is a real rapper and makes other youtubers who try to rap look like shit. Aka KSI.
Beat is fire.
The good shit.
How many houses do you have access to man.
this is fire bro
this fucking gook thinks smoking is cool lol
this video was kind of dumb
artistic as fuck! 7/11!
Keep up the good work Frank. your videos make me laugh. keep it up :D
"Daily uploads"
should seriously become a rapper.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🍆🍆😩🍆🍆🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sick
what a great video to end this year ^^
american spirits, sick
FRANKU SAN!!!!!!!
You give me the strength to keep going
Never change Papa <3
قبل 6 أيام
 ─────────────────────────▄▀▄  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─█  
─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄  
─────────────────────────█──█──█  
─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█  
────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█  
────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█  
────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█  
──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀  
─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█  
▄█████████████────────────█─────█  
██████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█  
████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────█  
██████───────██─▀█─────────█────█  
████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ look son
███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good video!
███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────█  
███─────────────────▀█─────█────█  
███──────────────────█─────█────█  
███─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█  
████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█  
████────────██████────█────█────█  
█████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄█  
██▀▀██────▀─██▄─:)─▄█───█───█─────█  
██▄──────────██████───█───█─────█  
─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█  
─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█  
──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█  
──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█  
─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█  
▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────█  
█──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────█  
█────█─────────█─────█──────────█  
█────────▀█────█─────█─────────██  
█───────────────█──▄█▀─────────█  
█──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────█  
█───────────────█──────────────█  
█▄─────────────██──────────────█  
─█▄────────────█───────────────█  
──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█  
─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█  
─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█  
─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────────█
I swear this video was named originaly named Onigiri
This shit is hotter than 9/11
I fucking love you man
Pretty good man, going on facebook.
i wasn't ridi pls
drop that album like an a bomb boiy3
This shit's hot as fuck! Keep that shit coming! Here's to 2016!! When you gonna hit 2MIL??
sounds somewhat like odd future type shit at some point
Still not as good as "Kill yourself"
Noice Vid m8. Hopefully you will be making another album soon, and hopefully it will be twice as offensive as the first one ;) You make good shit. Chinchin approves.
You need perform at playlist live
We love you too joji. thumbs up for the production and master cinematography
Is that a mix tape song? Sounds like someone needs to be put down. :P
Not gonna lie. This shit was hot.
amazing camera work bruh
this is a work of art. seriously. love your stuff franku/joji/pink.
fuck me
omg you're my favourite youtuber i swear 
mor cancer videos pls
happy 2016 master franku
hey b0ss can I habe rice ballz plz
I hope you get emphysema from smoking you fucking gook.
ive been watching papa for a year and still cant tell if pink guy is him er nah
This was the slowest 'How to Basic' I've ever watched
Oh shiiiiiiiiiit this is gooooooooooooooooood.
2:11 - 2:13

that skills
I'm high asf luv u franku this song chill it makes me forget about my dad beating my mom you got a soundcloud bruhhhhh
Just make more music Ty
I wait so bad for a new vid of you papu frankie
Tyler the Creator's ghost writer
Your wife is a lucky lady
finally pink guy!!! can't wait till you drop more vids you're the shit frank! take it easy joji and happy new year
shout out to pink guy
What an artist.
filthy Frank if you respond to me il make a video about ebola
this shit goes hard tho
I don't want to sound like a faggot crying over Joji music or shit music or whatever the fuck, but I was wondering If you will continue making sick beats and no rapping, kinda like "Lov U" or "Medicine"...

inb4 shitstorm hits
Thanks papa!
cooking & rapping videos are one the best things about this channel
Pink Guy ft Lil Dicky would be fire like Hiroshima meeting concentration Camps.
I'm not a rappa, so stop rappin' at me.
why did you change the name of the video you hernia
why did you change the name of the video you hernia
This is fuckin' art Frank.
I give this song  ( ͡° ʖ ͡°)x10/RAPE
Good job.
1:30 nice chair
That beat is pretty dope.
what are u fucking gay
What a cunty basterd god i luv ya.
Great video papa Franku, but who the fuck cleans all that up?
This is the type of music I need in my life I swear <3
I think it you've hanging around HowToBasic a bit much Papa
Filthy Frank is by far the best thing since sliced bread.
Cancer
checkt out his mixtape
I love your videos, your music, your characters, and you. Still the most entertaining channel on YouTube and the only one I still bother watching. Stay filthy b0ss.
I love your videos, your music, your characters, and you. Still the most entertaining channel on YouTube and the only one I still bother watching. Stay filthy b0ss.
...you... Are... Weird....
damn, this shits fire🔥
I feel the mixtape coming...
marry me
fuck man
pink guy dance
What a time to be alive
I love delicious jelly donuts!
Simply beautiful in every way sir.
Vape weed everyday
Is this available anywhere besides Youtube?
Someone should make a game of FilthyFrank, there's so much potential, being honest it would be the best cancerous autistic, with amazing music and comedy Game of all time.








Such an amazing game...
Phat rap m8!
HISSSSSS We should leaf a like for the Reptilian Brotherhood
nigger faggot
Between the hard beat, flow and cinematography, this shit is a masterpiece
Did you change the titlle to "rice balls" so we don't think ur a weeb, papa Franku? :D
Love the joji bash
yo pinkman why don't u upload that fuckin instrumental? that shit went hard
That shit looks delicious
There's definitely a market for these beats. Keep this the fuck up.
What are you gay?
I hope you slip your head into a noose and die
Please make more music, you seriously are such a talented musician and please keep it up! love it so much and these are my jam 💖💖
I need lyrics...!
part of me wishes frank was a full time musician
I'm offended.
big vid frank gone done it again
Мой любимый русский ютуб канал.
#PinkGuy2When?
Can someone please get the lyrics for this?
That instrumental sounds like DOOM
Do you actually smoke or is it just pretend
we want real music, we want joji music! wuahaha
why did he change the video name?
I want this song to be played at my funeral.
Now I know how to make rice balls💖
All jokes aside, Franku's got some real talent. His lyrics are solid, the flow is easygoing, and it sounds great overall. I actually listen to Frank every day. He's my "Get me functioning in the morning" play list. Then after the morning I continue to listen to it because I make poor life decisions. I actually struggle with atypical depression really bad, so anything I can distract myself with, I use. Frank is one of the best ways to do it. A genuine thank you from me to you, Papa. Keep up the great work.
Can someone make a 10 hour loop of this and pm me the link
make a video on reactionists and how they are the cancer of youtube
I need the instrumental to this song this shit bumps!🔥
omg instrumental please this is beautiful
NOt gon lie beat is dope
Lel I got one of those anti-smoking adds before this video started, whelp papa franku don't give a fuck
10/10 would jerk to again
early.
2016
This is real shit, real hip-hop! Not your skrillshit and WRAPPING. Real hip-hop, don't you ever forget it! Real hip-hop, it's the pink guy that said it!

For real tho, this is some hot fire right here. Keep it up, Franku. See you next year when we get some ebola mixed in this cesspool.
this is bad
Am I the only one who kinda got Tyler the Creator vibes from this?
Is it weird to say that I love him because I hate him
Wat
Put this on Spotify!!!!! Fill my pussy with swag <3
Cam whore lol
Sometimes this show gets more real than anyone expected. Those are the times I get blown away.
having an inner battle with myself trying to decide what is more nasty the beat or pink   meat himself
Frank I believe this is the last meme of 2015.
I was born in the wrong generation. No one in my generation can appreciate this music.
please put this up on spotify
He made it again.
i was born in the wrong generation
WHAT IS THIS
I dunno, I like songs like this but I don't really come for the rapping more so the beats, the real reason I prefer the old Joji stuff like medicine and Lov u is because they were good on their own as beats and didn't need rapping. I mean this is some fine ass shit, but I wouldn't listen to it without the lyrics.
hey b0ss
This song is kinda like a Tyler, The Creator Song or Odd Future song.
are those acual drummachines and samplers? cccccccoooooool
nice ass by the way...
lit
The replay button killed himself
ONIGIRI- BUY IT ON PS4 FOR FREE!
Don't smoke you disgusting, cancerous fetus.
he's actually a living God
Sick! love it!
You should get a record deal asap
No way we can download this and "Pink Guy Cooks Stir Fry and Raps"?
You started making music again? Fuck yesssssssssssssssssss! 
A whole new album b0ss pls
I'm bipolar. please respond
best channel on YouTube :) do whatever makes you happy joji.
This needs a Grammy award.
I'm going to drop my balls to a countdown on new years!
Pink Guy really needs to clean his fucking feet jesus christ
This was straight up chromosomal fire
So fuckin sick, more rap frank
He raps like he's white. Not good. Like I mean like EVERY YOUTUBE RAPPER. Not my type anyway. Too much Gambino vibe
I will be buying the album on Bandcamp if it sees the light of day.
make a song with tyler the creator or hodge beats or something
love it
"ay yo bring back jojivlogs"
frank being serious? it's just a prank bro
This is art
Hey Franku, when are you gonna do more serious rap songs like this and dumplings etc. I am really looking forward to stuff like that you do some quality rap mate. But focus on your Filthy videos first. They are always really good. Also happy new year to all expecting some good autistic shit from you.
drop the cigs man
That was beautiful!
filthy frank should join odd future
Can you send me your mixtape?
Never cared what name you have. I have enjoyed your shit for years. Have a good 2016 papa franku.
can u mrake dogu soupu?
what is that, frank?
layin down the beat
You Lookin Good Brah , That beard doe :D
still better than Bieber
I kinda wish he had a better fanbase
im 12 and i listen to this music and its almost 2016
I was thinking about how I wanted more of your music an then this video was here, nice ^^
I need this mixtape
holy shit that's legit, 

throwing away my kendrick & earl sweatshirt album now
Joji x Tyler?????????
Thank you for all the insanity in 2015! I'm so glad I was shown your channel. While it's very ridiculous, it's also refreshing. It's a nice change from the basic vloggers and such that I see everywhere. Keep being filthy! ^_^
Classic Filth from the realest OG Frank.
Love you man, thanks for this great year of laughs.
Hope to see you top this year in 2016. :)
That beat tho.
lol
Happy New Yrae Frank,I love you
Wow! Hilarious and original.
Juicy
real jap here.

i noticed you didn't use nori to wrap your riceballs.

go sudoku yourself.
so  filthe
This is actually so dope, and it's coming from the most fucking weirdo on youtube!!!!! Luv u papi
WOOOO NEW TRACK FINALLY!!!
I actually thought this video was sick great editing
pure bars
omg is rap is so godly
What a gem!
fucking lit!
for all you dumbasses this is real fucking music!!!
Habe you seen the alien please?
Happy rice fields motherfucker.
Cigarette does not give Frank cancer, Frank gives cigarette cancer
can you do a video on why single guys can't be just friends with a girl? yeah they might not date, but he will always want more from her eventually.
1:30 That chair that falls over is already broken. What's up with that?
A song? Fuck yeah, best new years.
гребаный розовый костюм, кривляния на камеру и при всем этом видос выглядит неебически круто 
волшебник франку
I fucking love this comment section
+TVFilthyFrank Good to see you stepping up and saying that this is what you want to do. Too many times I have seen people all "Oh fuck shit fuck man, Joji ain't fuckin' happy with the Filthy Frank Show, he only wants to do Joji, Joji, Joji!! Oh fuck fanboygasm in bound!!!". And don't get me wrong I like the Joji stuff, but I think the people who just want Joji need to realise that this isn't your hell, but your canvas, and you can do whatever the fuck you want with that canvas, Happy new year, looking forward to Chin Chin 2016.
What eq are you using?
WHere the lyrics at ;o ?
Liked
Looks like Nujabes and slim shady mated with each other and there offspring is this THING
Frank's real voice is great
thanks papa
Love those glasses man
shit this is good
I just got out of ear surgery but love your music so that I decided to watch this regardless of what the doctor said. Luh u fwank <3
Ich habe eine Menge vergessen, aber du hat ein Nigger gegessen.
My nama cancer
RICE BALLS (GONE WRONG) (GONE SEXUAL)
fuck its nice
like it




aghhhhhhhaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!@1!!!!
Pink Guy droppin some serious deep truth about music along with these sick bars
Lets all be honest, this beat is fucking nice.
B0ss why do you smoke death sticks?
Instrumental version please, dude.
Watch this coked out
wtf, this is no cancer, this is legit.. -__-
I actually enjoyed this. It has a chill feel to it.
Frank  have my  first child
where do i buy this mixtape, papa?
wow real music right here
<3
fucking love this-
Love you Franku babe <3
Nice touch @ 1:13
My pp is on fire
Ś Ã D B Ø Ŷ S
Stella "wife beater" Artois.
Those r some sick beatz bruh XD
Best way to close 2015. Thanks, George
Doesn't matter what name he's under , whether it be pink guy , pink omega or just joji . All of his music is either funny or just really good . 


Hope he drops and album in the next year .
Yo, has anyone got this but without the vocals?
i don't need a microwave
wow! finally ive found a song that doesnt make me want to kms 

thx daddy
your house looks like a trap/crack house :^)
Dances like pink guy
I want to throw pink guy against a cabinet
Deeez riceballz are in acurace
Aways reminds me Nujabes ♥
I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE
I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE
I DON'T NEED A MICROWAVE
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                      Thumbs up if you've watched this in 2016
and want to kill yourself
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
I've noticed that franku is in a different apartment. No matter how much you try to hide your normal life Frank,  more people like me will notice changes behind the show. Frank, you should try and do a Q&A about your life. Oh wait, the community doesn't take it seriously
I want to be your riceball man.
holy shit frank at 60 fps, now with double cancer frames
please tell me this is on spotify
i like the song and the beat but i want to download the beat ;-;
Another classic but dude your stove is filthy lol
When Pink Guy has brief moments of something similar to sanity, he performs musical fucking gold.
2 edgy 4 me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You got the cleanest voice ever
im going to make rice balls using these instructions
Your rap sounds actually realy nice! Usually I don't laugh at videos but your videos are really funny keep up the good work.
Happy new year Papa, thx for the dank tune.
I'd go to papa's restaurant to have some of his balls in my mouth.
frank is such a great man he is so sexy and so amazing man i love u frank & all friends pink guy , salamander , red dick , others MUCH LOVE
What a b0ss, thank you Filthy Frank for all the videos you made during this year! Can't wait to see what will happen throughout 2016.
am I the only one who actually thinks this song is really good?
the feel when you'll never get to taste senpai franku's riceballs
Pink guy and tyler the creator should make a song
papa is back <3
Nice raping
This reminds me of A Tribe called Quest. Was that your inspiration?
Did the title change?
Fire 🔥🔥🔥
Made myself some rice balls while listening to this masterpiece
Your videos were good when they had some sort of reason in it, now they are just retarded
Ravioli ravioli that's a good rapoli
It's still so fucking slick I love it
iTunes link plz b0ss
Better than eminem.
So good
this is actually a bitching tune
DAT 60FPS LIKE A MASTER RACE THO.
shock you live in a shithole
Definitely hearing some Tyler the creator in that beat your producing is getting better keep up the good work b0ss
Good photography!
<3
Fire beats, bro.
Change the name back though.
PUT THIS IN A NEW PINK GUY ALBUM
quality is unreal
Have you seen Chef?
♡♡♡ yoooouuuu
that was done really well. i hope there'll be another album one day because this is actually superb.
Man , you are a genius.
譲二様
いつも見てます。
今年はDLちんちんの顔芸が頭から離れない一年でした。
何度も爆笑させてもらいました。
来年もおもろい動画を頼みます。新キャラもっと作って欲しいかな。
それでは良いお年を。
yo I have to admit Papa Franku makes some great music.
This is fire af 🔥🔥🔥
He sounds like that dude who made the "my dick" song
Thanks for the rice balls recipe.
hey b0ss can I have a happy new year (happy new year all you rice lovers)
you can eat my rice balls any day papa franku
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
           Who's       watching      this     in     THE   RICE   FIELDS?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Stop telling filthy frank to stop smoking when they are not real cigarettes. Take a look a them.
Stop telling filthy frank to stop smoking when they are not real cigarettes. Take a look a them.
You're beautiful Papa, whatever persona you chose. You kill it. Love u. <3
This mixtape is fire Frank, you should really work more on your serious music channel
this beat is fire
Have you ever been in one of the YouTube rewinds???
Lip sync is waayyyyyyy off
Cameo With Peewdiepir
God what happened to frank... is he dead? He hasn't made a video in 1 year...
FILPHY FRONKU WHERE IS CHRISTMAST RELATED CANCERS?
Sick beats Frank,great moves keep it up,proud of you!
can u go to snoope dog and be rapper with him
I actually really love his music as music and not just as funny video's. Last few weeks I've been listening to the Pink Guy album and some separate songs non-stop. So goood!
I EAT ASS
Ceancer
happy new yeah b00s
This is my new year song for sure.
i want more of your balls
2:24 is sexy as shit
I would acctualy eat the food filthy frank makes.
This taught me to make rice balls...
Can you please please make those videos of Pink Guy when he's out in public and stuff. Like convulsing in elevators and break dancing in shops etc? xD
This is definitely the most cinematographic Filthy Frank video.
60FPS filthyfrank video? 

WHAT IS THIS
i haven't seen this much fire spat since the desolation of smaug
Odd hearing his voice...Sexy
ok ,
10/10 he spitting super hot fire
If I ever meet you in real person TVFilthyFrank , I would like to rape you .("SHOW ME YOUR RICE BALS" )
It stuck... to the window.   I gotta do that to someone as a prank.
Ive been waiting for a new pink guy video for ever, this video is already one of my new favorites. Keep up the good work george!
Fucking dope, kid x
You have an amazing voice!
HURR MAEK REEL JOJI MUSIC WE WANT JOJI BACK! 

Nah seriously though this doesn't need categorising at all
I actually like this as a song XD
nice pubes on ur chin b0ss
clean your dam house
Pink Guy got a beard now!
you're my waifu ,franku-san
So good at 1.5 ~.~
Papa Franku tell pink guy to Use  rollies not those shit processed smokes
rollies make ya prank better
Didn't know pink guy has such a sick flow
Thanks, i cum at cat and she hiss at penis
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell
These fags call pink omega, pink guy. But whatever. I hope you drown in champagne you winner, winner, chicken dinner.
THE BASS IS REAL HOLY FUCK
That keemstar backdrop
I WAS HERE WHEN THE VIDEO NAME WAS ONIGRI 
LIKE IF YOU ARE ALREADY HEATED LOL
filthy frank is an amazing raper!
How about an updated pink guy album for 2016?
fk off m8
What meat was that that he put into the onigiri?
>cigarettes 
Literally Cancer ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
U changed the title franku
Frank, the creator is that you?
I listened to this while taking a shit
still better than most mainstream cancer
Oh Frank you did it again, I think I like all of your videos... Have a great year and keep up the good work! #Nohomo
Joji I mean frank I mean pink guy your beard is looking good :P
fuck off cancer
wtf this is fucking good fuck you frank
Listens to Mac DeMarco once
There needs to be a new pink guy album
Mc devvo vibe
"Heyy, that's pretty good"
Ay b0ss you should actualy make songs bro
2016 :)
Shut the fuck up Boomb Beach no one gives a shit
Fuck yes!
10/10
This was fucking amazing!
I take you very seriously and with much respect, FilthyFrank. I was wondering, if someone were to see you on the street, out of character, and wanted to say that they appreciate your work and to keep up the great job, how would they address you in a way to make you comfortable? Like as George, Papa Franku, or what?
this was so tyler the creator inspired
i appreciate ur pritty filthy but u could clean the hob like. stuff like that is what gives ppl e coli
aaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyeeee!! fire.
The discovery of your channel was pretty much the best thing that happened to me in 2015. The crazy, filthy yet heartfelt insanity your videos contain brought many laughter and joy into my sad, irrelevant exsistence and helped me through some tough times. Hope the future and 2016 has many feats of filthiness on it's way.
wait wait wait Pink Omega and Pink Guy can't be the same, Pink Guy can't drop Trap Dumplings
U the realest nigga i know Frank. Great moves keep it up.
What are you fucking gay?
Cancer?
better than ksi
UPLOAD SONG WITHOUT LYRICS!!! <3
AHAHA losers still in 2015, stop living in the past m80s, 2016 is great! spent the first 15 minutes masturbating, now watching this, what a good start for this year
Ahwh this is cute
MUH IMMURSHUN
Real art
beginning reminded me of King of The Jungle, great as always aha you're a talented fuckin musician
was that bmo in the sample?
GIBE THE PUSSY MOTHERFUCKER
Can you release the beat just by itself?
Mr. Filthy, you are the greatest.
song 0% about rice balls but video 100%
dirty ass feet
sounds like tyler
YOU SHOULD DO A COLLAB WITH TYLER, THE CREATOR
KSI should watch this. And then he would realize that he sucks.
Miss the tempura boys times......
this somme tyler the creator shit right here
this is super awesome!!!! <3 love u franku senpai
Ey bruh where can I buy yo mixtape?
he could actually be a legit rapper haha
When will a new album from pink guy drop? I need some new music type chromosomes for my ears.
THIS IS NOTHING BUT 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
my parents are divorced
Honestly idc what kind of video you upload, all of them are fucking amazing and crack me up. Favourite youtuber since I saw your weaboo video 💯 I literally check your channel every 12 hours #EyBossIHabbaCancer
CUM CAKE 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol this used to be called Onigiri
Can you smoke bleach
Better than KSI
Fucking love this. Thanks for all the shit you put me through this year. Next year will be the year you give me cancer.
noice
I have a feeling frank is just giving less and less of a shit in these videos
🔥
LYRICAL SPIRITUAL MIRACLE INDIVIDUAL
I don't think frank gets that he's a geek show. The jester shouldn't fancy himself a comedian.
1:15 this beat reminds a lot of Nujabes.
This is so fucking awesome seriously I love this! But why did you rename it from Onigiri to Rice Balls?
This has been my favourite channel for several years now, I remember the good old times when DizastaMusic was still small and trying to grow. Your content has genually improved sooo much over the years, every time you make a new video it's usually better than the previous one. Frank/Joji or whatever the fuck you prefer to be called, hang in there bro and just do whatever the fuck you like doing. I enjoy these kinds of video's loads and I bet my ass there are loads and loads of other people that do aswell and as for the people that complain about only wanting video's like "ET2" and "Haircake", just don't listen to them. Tbh, I personally enjoy these vids where it seems you are going back to your roots for a bit.

Anyway, Me and the other fans will be here for you in 2016 Bro. 
Have an amazing new year^^
The original title of the video is gone :(
Whens the new mixtape dropin Jon Favreau
why'd you change the song name?
Man, I think you're a genius!
We love papa frankuuu!!!
YES, more of this.
this guy is pretending to invented the gangnam dance
nice song m8 keep it up, great moves proud o  u
Filthy Frank is not even trying and he has a better vibe and raps better than KSI lmao, and that nigga is releasing stuff left, right and center but it's not good I feel, this on the other hand, damn and those beats!!


Sick dance moves too, damn
love it mate <3
This song gonna make bitches pregnant.
Pink guy is turning into joji
PAPA FRANKU FIST MY ASS
MC Chef
It's ART
Happy new year faggot
Papa Franku pleeeeeez
Frank increased the production value on this one.
Good job Franku, Papa's blessing for 2016.
These comments are cancer.
pink guy likes stella?
nothing beats a jelly filled donut
just wonderful
yellow nigga created this channel with 1,500,000 million subscribers just to promote his mixtape, smh fam
Frank, The Creator
mfw papa franku in 1080p60fps
That was dope as hell Frank!  

Just do what you do, bro and thanks <3
literal fire.
i wanna sniff that rice
omf this made the booce juice spill out of my asshole
pls bb do it again i love it
Hey, that's pretty good !
fucking make a Spotify already. We'll get the music, and you'll get a shit load of money. Win win
do more food raps
This thing dropped harder than my balls at the age of 12
[2:10] How many rice balls did you kill while trying to do it? xD
Nice beat and nice raps 
Oh you've always been a good little boy
What programms do you use to produce?
Thank you for doing what you do. May you have a great life, and live as you want to and as much you want to. Genuinely. Thank you.
Respect
"Oh man, this is the only good music today. Fuck this generation. 
I'm 14 and I was born in le wong generation."

-Every edgy teenager
pink guy for president <3
YESSSSSS NEW VIDEO!!!!!!!!!!!
damn this was some legit fire. good job pink guy.
hype for more hopefully an album
This video is fucking awesome
when is the mixtape droppin
Frank join Odd Future plz.
Pink Guy is better than 2pac! :D
Fuck yea dude
smartest person on YT
Bin listenin' to some childish Gamuno?
I can't wait for Joji's music if his pink guy songs are this good
still better than KSI
When's you're mixtape coming out
So Pink Guy is actually.... Joji? He was Joji all along?!!
we use sea water to our rice boss
whats the id of original track?
For all the dank vids, for all the dank memes, for all the euphoric raps,  for being who you are,  truly  thank you.  Have a great new year.
2:36 lmao right on
yaay love this channel
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thank you for being the human embodiment of bleach, Franku.
Faya
This video made my mangina wet.
Soon enough. Whenever someone looks up rice ball tutorials on youtube this'll be the first result.
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
All these people complaining about Isis. What about the millions who die of smoking every year?
fesher shiat bru
Your fanbase worships you Papa Franku. Just keep producing cancerous videos and don't sell out and we will continue to worship you
noob frank
best one yet! :)
kaybouse
So Pink Guy and Pink Omega really IS the same person!?!?!?
Awful production
New album, please
OMG frank you're a fuckgn God bro, you need to be God of some religion
The ending statement just completed the video, he makes good shit in whatever fucking 'form' he takes but kids always want the disgusting shit (which is great don't get me wrong) so it can help them believe that they're fucked up then talk to their friends about it at school. Btw smokings bad mmkay.
this shit is lit
THAT EPIC RICEBALL THROW THO
shit frank shave that pussy hair you're growing on your face
nobody is going to buy your mix tape. faggot.
best thing on the internet
Thanks for being my autistic god frenk. luv u.
I'm fucking proud of Joji right now...

Like, I'm moving to Eastern Europe on the 4th of January (it's the 30th of Dec right now), if I had a last wish before I never come back to America again - it'd be to chill with Joji for a day, an hour, whatever. I support this channel so hardcore right now, I think I might fly my non-stop flight into a building or something while screaming "Frankuuu!". (dramatization)
Papa, I think my bass went into overdrive and I appreciate you for that. I hope you make Another One sometime. p.s and maybe Another One
this is some real shit fam
i love these simple, but sick-as-fuck beats that you make. it's actually the reason i kept watching and became a fan.
Damn frank, you should focus more on rapping man, this was some good shit!
I love your jazzy-fusion style. did you take inspiration from Nujabes or Kool G Raps or Black Moon. Even though this isnt a sing that may be relevant to society, you are a good lyricist and your style is fucking beautiful. If you made some music and rapped under a different alias i would buy that shit. Anyway, fuck you faggot. Welcome to 2016.
This brought such a huge fucking smile to my face. Thanks for the great year Franku.
ey b0ss can I habe de pusi pls?
I put ice cubes in my milk
Onigiri was a better title. ȘO
I die now
actually is ono/lennon's  bastard son
THIS IS GREAT BUT TOO SHORT SENPAI , DAMN I REALLY WANT TO STAB YOU WITH MY SWORD FROM SWORD ART ONLINE
Clean up your room  you fucking dirty cunt tumor.
Thats some spot on riceballs my nigga
Bring back JojiFucksPussyTV
COTW PLEASE
Loved this song,it was so lit
That was real shit
for real tho, this beat is pretty great!
God , I love Joji.
I was waiting for this beat for two years. Thanks Papa.
starting to wonder if he really does have schizophrenia...if he is then he's definitely like me, schizophrenic myself and i love to be other characters of my creation because it means i dont have to be me. its a great way to express yourself and live through such a shitty disorder.
great video, song dank af.
Pink guy WAS Jimmy Saville. Huh.
papa franku san, do you smoke weed? im actully curious
jojivlogs hype?
Thanks frank you the real homie
Where's the ending, the subscribe to filthy frank part and the 'let's get some pussy tonight part' they're my favorite !
Can we expect a future mixtape?
Phucking Phire Dude !!!
I started smoking because of you, I'm literally going to get cancer thanks to your videos. Fuck you.
Why does pink guy have a beard
Happy new years retards.
Franku makes the beat drop like old people with polio
flames
Shit didin't Change
fuck me
now
That 60fps art.
you  have a neak-beard frank
You're smart, You're loyal you'r a genius
Hey Frank, you talk about things you don't like or what's wrong with certain topics alot. So why don't you give us fans a video about the music you LIKE to listen to. Serious with Joji or just Frank fucking around and bashing on a ton of music. I think it would be a great video topic and something we would all enjoy.
p.s. I love the song keep the music coming, the regulat videos are great but I need more pink guy to bless my hearing hole.
I need to download this song. 🖕
Thanks Dad.
Boy I got that Rock hard Johnson
Fuck off let him smoke if he want. Your not going to change hes way of smoking. He probably knows that smoking is bad. Mind your own fucking business. ( sorry not sorry for the bad english )
Hey frank, I think some lines went way too far, even for you. Overall this was a great video, major props to the cinematography and the honest commentary at the end, but saying you raise a piece of shit kid if you didn't physically punish them felt like a serious remark instead of a joke, so that's why it's so offensive. I'm a psychology major in college, and I can positively say your implications have no grounds in reality whatsoever.

If it's a joke, ok, I can dig dark humor. If not, maybe you should go slit your wrists.
this stopped me from cutting my self and posting it on tumbler
Man, those jelly filled doughnuts look great! Nothing beats a jelly filled doughnut!
entering 2016 with autism
This is the best recipe on youtube
thanks daddy
I legit didnt know Frank could have such a smooth voice, i was starting to belive that the raspy voice is your real one
Emimen < Franku
Emimen < Franku
people always jubbidewbruh your channels shit cause u don't have an intro, well shit I did know I needed one ...I started to reflect upon the mistake I made.
And there I thought the title was a reference to his japanese testicles.

Wait...
do a cooking channel
nice jam dude where can i buy your mixtape?
hey @TVFilthyFrank, you want to d-dd-drop the base with me?
B0LSZ
Keep it real...or fake i dont even know
This was a pretty fucking well made video
Better than the sound of guylence
Pink guy lookin like mc tunes in this.
i want you inside me soo badly
Papa Franku got bars
Nice raep mustache btw b0ss :^u
Papa franku why did you make an mixtape :(, didnt you remember ur Mixtape Research , Its too late for you :(
You - my only gift for the new year. Thank you for all that you are doing
Fucking Dope Shit Franku, you surpassed your dope record that was Dumplings
WHEN NEW ALBUM NIGGUH?
I always knew Kanye West is just a public persona, the real mastermind is Pink Guy
Be funny if he was sane in real life
Ayyyy were those green bottles on his table Soju bottles?
Where the fuck is the joji album faggot? don't keep us waiting.
Lol hell yea!!  new content, the cancer can finally continue to grow.  ITS A PRANK BRO!!
new ringtone confirmed
We want fucking tempura boys notherfucker
Fifty frank is the only white men that when he saw a lot of money he started rapping and wearing gold chains with obey fullcaps. Just like KSI
Is it possible for you to put your music on Spotify because I want to listen to this while I'm playing a game... Or somthing
Love all the shit you make man, cheers!
WE WANT JOJI MUSIC
Happy New Year everyone! :3
Lyk if ur watchinq in 2o16
bullshit you're a virgin
bro. my ears have been blessed. my eyes too. this is what i like to call art. thank you for a great, weird af 2015. funny enough, im glad i found out about ur channel... youtube hasnt been as boring ever since i first watched "Mac Is Better Than PC"... you're offering some kind of comedy that i didn't really know of but now love. it's so fucking weird, honestly. but you're a cool lad and i love watching your fucked up videos, you're doing a great job at it. hopefully in 2016 we'll get even more cancerous vids! im excited lol
Batter than most of the music i hear
HAN SOLO KILLS KYLO REN
Pink Guy x Tyler, The Creator
Pink Guy x Wax
Make. It. Happen.
it's just a prank bro


#smallloanofmillionriceballz
How old whould Frank get?
wait, hold up. Frank was pink guy all along?
bUtt we wUnT REEL jOE g muziK!!!!111
only 3 minutes? sadface Make more videos in 2016 (if you still enjoy it and have time to do so), Franku!
The end is PERFECT. I get so tired of those dipshit "real fans" that just jerk it to the old JojiVlogs.
Lit as fuck
+TVFilthyFrank Amazing video, which camera did you use?
that was dope
Hey , thats pretty good
niceü Wideodorant, as usual, keep the good work you fat ugly fuck
WHO FILMED THIS? FUCKING GREAT.
When he said "ain't nothing changed" I was like  -It became way better
I need an instrumental for this. Seriously.
Filthy Frank is the fucking boss
It just doesn't look like Pink Guy with the beard.
1:11 - 1:34
Now I can be aroused and disgusted at the same time in 60fps, great!
Frank and lil dickey on a song would pretty much just be the same person rapping the whole time.
I was born in wrong generation i miss this music.
Where do you get these sick beats?
You are everything that is right in the universe.
but he cant cook?
That was fucking awesome Frank!, I didn't expect it to be so sick, really dug it!
Happy new year and cromosomes for all! :d
Fucking awesome been waiting for him to make a song
LOL this shit was actually pretty DOPE ! :P
Check out his SoundCloud
Killer whales lol. Keith Ape reference.
Only five star niggas can bust in this pussy type beat
Daddy franku
FUCK YES. ANOTHER SONG. TY FAM.
oh my god, this was so awesome! i've been watching you since august, but since then i realized you were the best show on youtube (i'm ultra serious)
thanks for all the vids in 2015!
see you in 2016, papa!
I can only get so erect
do you eat pussy like that?
SO FUCKING GOOD! keep it up man!
ITS FILTHY FRANK MOTHAFUCKA.
ITS FILTHY FRANK BITCH.

Let's get some pussy toniiite
cool music vid. PINK GUY SECOND ALBUM --> BRING it!
Hey Papa Franku! Bring back the Cringe of the Week, please boss?
But that was onigiri
Frank, in 2016 you should vape. Fucking vape with a fedora on during a disgusting batsu game. Make this channel too filthy for mortal eyes
I prefer Joji/George than his "characters", maybe it's just opinion.
This is actually good :D
FINALLY
1:05 dat league of legends alert sound
Doesn't matter if you present yourself as Joji, Pink Guy or Pinkomega, you're still one of the most hilarious and original youtubers since 2012. Happy New Year, Senpai. Please don't hang yourself.
you need to join odd future
FRANKU IS BACK BITCHES
WTF Frank this is seriously so good!!
Barz franku, filthy bars 🔥
This is actually fire🔥
F I R E
OMG.. IM A WEABOO.
I only work with paper like a fax machine.
You are the shitposter Gotham deserves.
dope as fuck
Pink Guy II when?
I found dumpling a while ago and loved it, why are you good at this?
This is best new years gift ;-;
what are you fucking gay
His real Voice is fucking sexy.





Still love you tho Franku :*
Damn that beats on fayaaa
very cute :3
let's get some pussy tonight
dis is gud, this is rlly guuud
John Lennon Resurrected??
60 fps pink guy is fucking weird
KSI should learn from this... xD
Frank The Creator?
this is actually lit
why is porn allowed on youtube?
pretty dope
Finally!
Everything is good, please do another loser reads hater comments they're hilarious
Put this beat up for download
That beat tho, love you papa franku no homo
THIS REALY LOOKS LIKE SOMETHING TYLER THE CREATOR WOULD DO
why did you put water on the rice when its being cooked?
2:25 new meme right there
omg we get it, you smoke now 

:^)
hey b0lls
Need more sick videos. Especially with iDubbbz, Maxmoefoe and HTB
HAHAHAHA that rice ball was like my ex.. get it? cause franks got his fingers in her... im fucking coming for you you asian sack of ass
yeesss
where the fuck do i download this shit
You a better rapper than KSI for what it's worth
Pink guy joins odd future
50 000 like
the soundboard effect sounds like cod zombies xd
Glorious 1080p60fps, you've made it frank you the big dogs now
'Hey, that's pretty good....' - idubbbz
This is why pink guy can only speak in YEEESSS
salted rice and dry tuna urgh that is so you aswell boke
"i never spank my kids and i raised a piece of shit" -FilthyFrank 2k15
This song is pretty great.
Watching this in 1080p 60FPS was pretty fucking magical
Where can i found a punk guy suit?
you forgot the nori asshole
We miss your rants dude. Talk about types of niggerz or types of retards on the youtube comm
onigari...ahhhhh the ration for da Japanese soooul-GAH
Pink b0ss goin in hard !!!!!!!!!!!!!
That's some good shit
hmmm stella artois, the good taste of piss
This fanbase has become progressively worse in a bad way since I subscribed. Too many 12 year olds which make it seem cringy. Sad times...
what is the meaning of life ?
based God some dank shit
Honestly I prefer this over the shitty "ohshitI'msogrosegivememoney" vids he started making at the start of this year. Papa Frank, Please go back to doing more content like this. I't much more interesting and funny, coz all those colabs you did with those other youtubers were super unoriginal and were done just for the sake of getting more views(in my opinion)... Or maybe you just like eating hair you sick fuck.
life
The only rap is listen to honestly.
joji you are the fucking man.
he's actually quite a talented producer and rapper ngl
Onigiri daisuki des gohan master
i dont even have to watch the video to know that it is fucking amazing
Fuck yeah i love this music frank!
Pink Guy II is going to be dank
I was autistic still am till I found you, Franku. You cured my autism and for this I shall sacrifice half of my chromosomes for you. Thanks for creating a cure for autism. Have a happy New Year, Frank. 

P.S :  We need to download this, Papa Franku please release the download link for this magnificent beat. :D
People asking if Frank smokes, lmfao. Dude has cancer anyway.
Lyrics  plsss
New pink guy album would be awesome :D
Did anyone else hear about storm franku coming thru Ireland
Finally, another crazy ass video
THAT BEAT WAS FIRE FAM!!!!1!!!!  Happy almost New Year PAPA
EU boss I need da posey plas
dat Nujabes influences
This shit is on fire bruv
That [RANT] at the end though
IM A SPIRITUAL LYRICAL INDIVIDUAL
Damn son
So Franku has increased the amount of cancer in his content by smoking now...
its funny how he jokes about cancer when he will probably get it as he is always smoking and drinking
Ayy
Lyrical individual, spiritual miracle
can i habe de beat pls? :^)
ey B0ss could you upload to soundcloud?
Oh shit he's bringing real hip hop back
Ayo, lyrical miracle, spiritual individual, criminal
Subliminal, in your swimming pool
Why'd you change the video name gayboi
So glad I found this channel in 2015! One of the best years of my life!
hey franku check out my mix tape bruh! Kappa
im sick of all of these ofwgkta references. filthy frank is way better than them imo
just....frank!!!! Real shit!
808s and pussi boss
you're a spiritual lyrical miracle individual
dank beats
The weeaboo is spreading to Frank again.
He is growing a neckbeard.
ey b0ss, search about a "SPECTRE man" and a " LionMan" its realy funny
This beat is fire, like what happens to churches.
I learned how to fight watching Star Trek: The Original Series.

Now I learned how to cook watching Pink Guy's music videos. 

Chin Chin bless you, Papa Franku
Another hard track from ff. this will be on repeat for a while
damn franku this was some hot shit, keep up this dank stuff
Cinematography in this is really good the fuck
can I have some rap, please?
this dude knows how to make beats nigga
This is so fucking awesome!
when did you start smoking
Pink Guy in Eastern Europe?
60fps? oh shit !
lol it changed from onigiri to rice balls, really frankM
triggered
god this is such a good track.. good Job Pink Guy
(prod. me)
The fuck is wrong with you papa franku?
Hey faggot you better not die of lung cancer any time soon. Where will i get my funny memes from then?
Does he really have cancer lmao?
well 
thats a good song
Man, fuck this generation!  The 17th century was the fucking best!
Whens the next album coming out
What kind of autism is that this is something tyler the creator would do
HELL YEAH PAPA
99,9 % better than all music we have today.
Shit that ending was real
Does papa franku actually smoke?
why so short? wtf franku you getting lazy? don't make me use the paddle again brah.
Frank smokes?
Duuuuude  but if you did "real" rap you could go to any music awards and just fucking mess with anybody. Just imaginenpinknguy asking miley cirus if he can hav da pussy plzzzz
1:04-1:07

that shot omg <3
I remember this beat because of the "Pink Guy dance" video! Love your videos ♥
bring back the tags! :v
iTunes?
Papa have a great new year !
Frank is selling out
Soon enough, Pink Guy will want to sell us his mixtapes after mastering the art of being a spiritual lyrical miracle
hope no one makes the " I still remember 2015 like it was yesterday" tomorrow.
Congratulatons for this milion of subscribers. Happy New Year.
And buy a microwave for us.
hey filty frunk....... edit: hey fam............. ur rhymes are so hot.. i dont need a microwave...... ur rhymes are so white style my coke started to become salt...............regular niggers are now space niggers.. back at it selling coke
intro inspired from fallout 5
genius
this isn't a prank bro
WTF is that song
+TVFilthyFrank you are actually a really good raper! Are you releasing anythong new soon? :)
DE RICE BALLz B0SS
What a fucking amazing piece of art Franku has made for us
Han Solo Is Killed By His Son Kylo Ren
All this time I was wondering, where the fuck did you get those rad glasses bruv?
frank has gotten so cool I feel intimidated
OMEGA IS BACK. SO HAPPY YOU'RE STILL MAKING THESE VIDEOS. WE LOVE YOU PAPAFRANKU.
But these raps are my favourite, Franku
we get it you're Tyler the creator
2016 had better be so cancerous that we all turn into black, shriveled up biohazards.
why the fuck is this 60fps?
Do you smoke only in your videos or do you actually smoke
At this point Frank is fucking badass. Man look at these tricks!
dat bass doe
Nigger
holy crap
frank? you smoke? like not as a joke but just be like I smoke iss no big deal? cuz you would think that from all the cancer you get from making videos 1 cancer would be enough.
Stay filthy.
Just like a Tyler, The Creator.
Thanks for the sick track yo. Keep it filthy.
Daaaaamn
WORST FILM EVER 2 PLS
than one was beutyfull
Fucking nigger faggot
good shit man.
so frank is like every other stereotypical nip who loves him some tuna mayo rice balls. pretty cute dood
U need to make more shit like this bud
Frank is going to be in Youtube Rewind 2016. We need to make it happen.
This is actually fucking dope as fuck
Fuck "Real Joji Music XDDD" this is where tf it's at
I came 13 times in this video, lion maker cums over 13 year olds, coincident I think not
I want this to play @ my wedding
where is the new album, pink guy?
You're really inspiring me to be the best OG i could possibly be thanks man.
Depressingly dank
404 dislikes not found
Pink Guy is becoming less crazy
instant orgasm
10/10
Trap takoyaki or fried tofu next! Haha
this was the most mind blowing video
dank tune
the only thing that ticks me off, is how messy that place is.
but we want reeeeeeel music
Watafack,same music from PINK GUY DANCE
title changed
0 microwave  crew reporting in
Finding Papa Franku was a revelation for my soul. Papa Pranku is the best.

his apartment is really filthy :D
Eeew, I was born in the wrong generation, am I the only one who listens to music before anything ever existed!!


lol
keep doin you frank
do you go to the gym ? You seem to have lost some weight and gained some muscles, looks nice :)
I'd like to tidy your kitchen and mop the floor too! Great song, here's to dealing with paper like a fax machine in 2016
2:37 People want Joji, Frank, we want Jojivlogs back too. Damn it, Frank we miss George.
GET TURNT
Where's fck Instrumental Franku?!
thats pretty gay mate
thats kinda awesome
Ohhh it got real at the end, lovin' these Pink Guy bars keep it up proud of you
ey b0ss
One of the best hip hop beats I've ever heard.
more cooking with Max in 2016!!!!
Suck me off daddy.
WOW FRANKU ~
downsyndrome cancerous syfilis bithc
Ohhh it got real at the end, lovin' these Pink Guy bars keep it up proud of you
That's a nice neckbeard
@TVFilthyFrank What software do you use to make your beats?
This video has Tyler the creator everywhere,nicely done dude
press like if this is better than justin bieber
I love you
IT'S TIME TO STOP
pink god marry me
THE BRIDGE HOLY SHIT
Shit. Masterpiece. Kill yourself. Keep going.
this is fire while KSI is getting money from the shittiest "raps"
I love you man...
I'm 12 Years old AND I LISTEN TOTHIS MUSIC! Nowdays faggots only listen to shit like Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin and Guns & Roses BUT THEY DON'T KNOW THE REAL MUSIC!!!
Do what you want mang we love you because you do your thing you know what im saying its what I always say cant satisfy these pricks unless you are good at sucking dicks. Check ma mixtape plz.
cinematography, lyrics, voice, quality 10/10. Love this
hey Frank, I have a serious question for you. how many apartments have you been kicked out of so far because of your videos?
Fire track boi 🔥😎
holy shit that beat is dope af
make some cloud rap fgt
Straight in my mixtape b0ss
Noice guest appearance on YouTubeExplained's channel. Keep up the simply autistic work and cheers to a great year.
Fuck off m80
Pink Guy Managed to hold calm while talking til the end! Impressive.
Hey fucknut, nice tunes bruh. I really hope you become the next autistic white boy to drop their balls down my throat while pouring boiling water in my asshole. Here's to a sincerely fucked up 2016 with more videos inspiring us all to eat dead rats and blow our fucking brains out. Thanks for this analy fucked 2015 you retarded cunt. See u faggs next year <3 3~
1:25 that bottle cap though
Who was here when it was called 'ONIGIRI'?*
Pink guy in 60fps with mustache.

Glorious.
Still a better rapper than fuckin KSI
this feels like a tyler the creator song with a little more crazy
Love u to bb... faggot
Literally just found your channel man, this beat was sooo good. Can't wait to see the content you create in 2016. I just watched the cake hair video cause I also recently found iDubbbz. You guys are a unique group. I love it.
Pink guy urban hip hop with the rice balls
very educational thanks mr pink guy
Any new albums in 2016?
I love this Beat , its so fuckin Nice , can u post a download link pls?
Get rid of your fucking neckbeard you fucking weeb
yooooo fight my dad, hope you win ye happy new year
What are the original songs sampled (especially for the chill part)
Best track in 2015 dude
Thank u lord pink guy for the sexy new beats
but you are stillfucking awsome
Yo mane this is real music, I wish I was born in this generation. Check out my sound cloud
smoking is for fags :()
pink sock
please post the lyrics , best song yet lol
Frank you spittin the hottest fire out there, please make more!
Thanks for 2015! ^^
When does it stop being ironic
Don't smoke franku, it will give you cancer!... oh wait xD
I love you, you cancerous fucker. <3
Filthy Frank's beats hit harder than my Dad
Do not click ''Read more'',trust me....
ヽ　ヽ` ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) _ノ    /
　＼ |　⌒Ｙ⌒　/  /
　 ｜ヽ　 ｜　 ﾉ ／
　  ＼トー仝ーイ
　　 ｜ ミ土彡/
          ) \      °   /  
         (     \🌿 /  
         /       / ѼΞΞΞΞΞD
      /  /     /      \ \   \ 
      ( (    ).           ) ).  )
     (      ).            ( |    | 
      |    /                \    |
You got cancerous autism, 
Give like or you will get penetrated In 10 Seconds.
Papa Franku please marry me and we'll be happy until the end of our lives
That apartment so dirty there's legit cockroaches bigger than your dick there Frank.
That apartment so disgusting, the cockroaches go "eew" to YOU.
That apartment so fucking messed up the cockroaches have their own society inside the walls and they so advanced they racist to each other, like there's nigroaches in the suburbs of ya toilet and they goin "this pink boy cant rap fosshizle"
That apartment so shitty HowToBasic came to make a video and went "Wait did i do this place already?"
That apartment so dusty Pink Guy's feet got black walking from the bathtub to the kitchen, but that's not all bad cause
 he can run faster now.
Seriously joji, your stuff is dope. Make music if that's your passion cause it's really good mane, keep it up
Sub me for satanic vids!
sick beats!
From an electrician perspective it's pretty good
This is most likely the best pink guy song ever good job Frank I have actually been waiting to hear this beat in action I started watching you in 2014 and you really have grown keep up the filthy shit you gay faggot
trap house
imma 420 blaze it to this song
U tell dem franku. Mek whatevah muzik yuh wan fi mek
I allways cooken with a cigarettte 2!!! forevar!!
u suck m8
Well that just totally happened
Wait...you don't have a rice cooker?
My friend said her friends got blocked by franku
I would eat those balls, I mean RISE balls...
1:10 franku's sexy voice
question of the day does anyone else find this song good af. also its funny to see that he actually made the rice the correct way xD.
Filthy Frank is the John Lennon of retardation
Clean your stove you dumb gook
nice
Joji remembered to upload a video
I cried like a little bitch at the start so I had to beat the shit out of my little brother to regain my manliness.
This is what I've been waiting for. you Autistic shit!!
Ey b0ss habe u seen a dade pls
And this is people the most japanese way to make onigiri
Shit was deep bro
B...But we want REAL music!
My new ringtone
Pink guy come in italy and rape all
amazing
I'm amused.
Joji really really hates us :(
I dig everything you make, it's all great. keep it up!
Clean your fucking stove off you mongoloid.
Who knew Pink Guy loved stuffing balls in his mouth?
Goddamn...you're good with a camera
Oh shit I thought Pink Guy was crip walking at the end haha.

You're the best, man. To be honest with you, ever since I started watching your channels, my Emetophbia (fear of vomit) has greatly subsided! Keep up the videos, b0ss and stay filthy!
I want frank to put his dick in the rice ball then I can smell his urinary track
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
              Who's       watching      this     in     Auschwitz?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
franko i love your vids no madder how much shit people give you.
I feel an urge to go to the lobby
i don't need a microwave
I hope you'll make more videos like this, it's awesome.
Killer Whales!
Upper echelon
Why isn't it called ONIGIRI anymore?
Papa franku makin de smoosh hitz liek it's the 70's m80s
why this beat go kinda hard though
hey fuck you faggot you fucking hindu piece of shit or whatever it is your fucking skin color type does jerk off into your own mouth and burp out some shitty memes tvfilthyfrank: where memes go to die fuck you


ps. thai stick isnt enough fuel you amateur fuck try dmt faggot or die
Yo. YO I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS KIND OF CONTENT FOR A LONG TIME THANKS FOR DELIVERING US THIS TRACK
YES
Thank you Papa Franku
Don't smoke that'll give you cancer.








jk u r cancer lmoa 😂😂😂😂
holy shit man, we got an Asian Tyler the Creator, he sounds sick
holy shit man, we got an Asian Tyler the Creator, he sounds sick
<3

now I gotta make some rice balls while listening to this so that I feel less lonely when the new year comes around
I respect that you make the kind of music that you want to.
dope ish my dawg
This is fucking amazing, i'll sacrifice myself for more.
The stars are aligning

All of the characters are becoming one
Clean your fucking stove you filthy filthy frank!
I LOVE YOU FRANK
but on some real shit you got to up the swag on your music videos. like, try some effects out, use more colors.
''We want real music. We want real music. We want Joji music''
Those creepy Joji fans.
Did we just catch a glimpse of frank with all of his chromosomes?
dear faggots that dislike this video.  why you hate :(
Habe u seen a rice bauls pls
time to get some GIF's out of this
Fucking great
And now I am hard again.  Fuck
this made my dog cry~
I've always wanted to kill myself! These videos are what gave me the strength to exclaim about it all I want!
If there is anything that I learned from this channel it would be how to cook
I like wiping my ass to franks music
I swear the beat is SICK. Maybe upload the beat only on TooDamnFilthy? c:
Still doin that wacky shit, and i hope you keepon dpin it into 2016. Happy New Year
we want joji music
Chloe Burbank
could you release that chill piano beat as a seperate
Oh god...that beat is just sick, dude! I love that piano part. Love this song, hope you can make another album in 2016. Thanks for all your retarded stuff!
My first time watching this. Of course, I have to be stoned.
Regrettably it made more sense, on a sort of metaphysical way.
fake like cancer, gay ass lip sync
Papi smokes?
Here how bout a cigarette? 🚬 (gives you cigarette), then (slaps it out of your hand and pick it up of the ground then smokes it) 😗🚬 cigars are bad for you
This stuff is fire, pink guy seriously needs to come out with some kind of mixtape.
BEST
kill yourself frank
dayum the production value just increased tenfold, just as my autism did :D
Realist tune of 2015
nice
whats rise
all this song needs is brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr between some beats in there :D
it bothers me how good he is
My house burned down when I played this !!
ET 3 plz b0ss
I cried when I saw over 5 grains of rice fall on the floor  Asian problems
Best song 2015
Tyler the creator??
Please tell me you don't actually live in that house...
New album?
good to see you back at it
Hapy NEW YEAR
Is it just me or was that fucking fire...
Frank's and Pink Guy's looks in these last two videos seem to be a bit altered, I wonder if this is the canon look for both characters now. Also, was the message at the end a hint to something coming in the future? Either way, awesome video, the recent quality is an improvement.
"Lobby" sounds really creepy
Best Channel since 2012 

i luv u papa franku

CHIN CHIN GADAISKI
Hei B0$$ !!! Can i habe A de pu$$i pl$$. I think 2016 is gonna be awesome b0$$ !!!
season 2 was the best ffs
perfect
ofwgkta
Well that was fucking majestic
Watched this high as fuck im scared right now but its some damn good comedy i think haha
Pink guy album pls b0ss
This song has a Tyler, The Creator vibe to it
man this beat is damn good is there like a genre of this type of stuff
I like to slap my legs to this
#papafranku4president
Who knows the onigiri from one piece?
I was waiting for a cut to pink guy having a spaz attack XD
he sings so fucking good lmao
Now I know how to cook rice balls. Thank you, Frank. 
The best HOW TO channel  since october revolution in Russia.
Habe u scene a rice boreh pliss?!
huge cock bro
I love your music! please do more in the future!
Loved the video, glad you're doing the shit you want to do, keep it up, can't wait for chin chin sacrifices 2016!
Nice junk, papa
I think Pink Guy is Frank
Pink Guy is more sane then Frank.... shit
You make the best background beats.
Damn.
Holy fuck,this is better than dumplings
i get a strong Tyler the creator vibe in this one
I'm not gay but u make me feel happy inside..Also I'm gonna have to respectfully ask u to stop sucking  that fag......b0ss.
I've been waiting so long for another Pink Guy rap xD
fire
I fapped to this69/11 would fap again
perfect parody of the genre
Frank... man your the fucking best. Keep up the good work! You sick fucking genius.
Dark beats, edgy and twisted lyrics
bring joji back boss
I thought you said pink omega was not pink guy.
Fuck all the noise on the radio these days, all I need is papafranku's guidance and music
Sick!
Another good video Frank keep up this shit
that beat change up was sick.
Thank you for everything, George. Hope everything's going well for you. < 3
fucking clean up. disgusting!
Thank you for what you did for us this 2015.
Let's make 2016 even filthier!
Eyy b0ss, Can i habe 1 oww nee gee ree.
Another song about Japanese food... k
The beat is fucking lovely
This is a great senpai. Now I can grab my belt and hang myself.
pink omega is the fuckin best nigga

ill always call you pink omega after you dropped dumplings.
This channel is the weird part of youtube
best song ever make another album please!!
Dude to be honest this is amazing. Style of Tyler the creator, and sick beat, love the bass, and the lyrics were sick. Love it man.
he changed the name of the video from ONIGIRI to RICE BALLS right? aw hell yea
For someone who does YouTube and acts the crazy ways you do, you are talented as hell. The dancing, the rapping, the music production... even the cooking is on point. You go man. Don't ever stop being yourself Papa Franku. We love ya.
filthy frank or filthy frank ocean???
never change man
The white Tyler, the Creator
We really need a new Pink Guy Album. Your talent mustn't go to waste.
smoking is bad
So when is the track dropping?
Thanks to this video i can cook onigiri myself
Serious like now for a moment george or whatever your real name is, dw about all the mememeing people, youre a OC creator. All that matters.
I just wanna see some fked up shit like ET 2 again.
wish rap was not cancer otherwise I would like video.
This is rad.
Second album incoming!!
Dank rice washing skills yo.
Fuck your rice balls
That chair doesnt have a sitting board,is that some special Pink Omega chair?
Did Frank change the title?
But that beat tho, it could be cool if you could release an instrumental version of this. :P
I am guessing that the smoking was just a prank
more rap.
where did you buy the pink guy suit at?
this beat is orgasmic.
i like the first 25 seconds
can we get this beat by its self. or the whole song on soundcloud.
mfw I found out papa franku invented harlem shake back in 2012
he's back
Why did you change the title from Onigiri? Just wondering. I googled Onigiri learned something!
There better be more of these cancerous, dank beats in 2016, Frank. Thanks for making 2015 one of the most filthiest years of my life.
Why didn't bethesda add this in fallout?
stop smoking #2016
Nice nigra beats brah. We turnt up now.
I was gonna masturbate,then I saw this.
The other side of pink guy.
1:12-1:34 what's that beautiful background I hear??
Pink Guy should make music more often, I mean much more often ! : O
Eh bowz?? I wante de bawllz please
wooow frankuuuu 9 out of 11
MY MOMMY SAID SMOKING IS BAD!
Tfw franku spits straight FIRE
its called anti-rap which is ironically one of the real brands of rap left
Wow, sometimes I  just forget that papa franku plays all the characters, salamander man, pink guy, prometheus, the shaman even fucking jamal. wow
Franku❤️❤️❤️
made me think about perpetual motion of rice
the suggestions i got after watching the vid were all j pop vids...why
01:17 odd future
Wasup Nigger Faggot
Honestly i think this is really fucking good.
Pretty awesome new stuff. Excited to see what you come up with next year. I also like that this video was pretty simple concept but actually pulled together to be entertaining and interesting.
just awesome
Man I wish my generation would listen to this. I'm 12 years old and I listen to songs like this all the time while my generation listens to drake. MAN FUCK MY FUCKING GENERATION
can i have a rice ball recipe pls
u and mattyb should collab XDDDDDdddddDDDdddddDdddD
I just searched google and found how-old.net apparently frank is 73 years old
be mine <3
yo this is actually lit
Can we please get a second Pink Guy album? That would make my year.
I can never tell if the "xDDD" comments are genuine children or people pretending to be children.
I hate it when people reply to their own comments...
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) sexy ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Now in 60 fps.
fuck me if his landlord saw this vid haha.......
Good job keep it up love for u for ever bruh
someone call fire departament
Hes giving that old Tyler the Creator beat and flow.
that speech with the real shit at the end tho 👌👌
jokes aside, wtf is up with the cigs now?  did frank start smoking or is this something he's hidden away from us?
Shit dude, the track is extremely good. Defo a large inspiration for me.
im seriously downloading this because i actually like the song 
im serious
The Odd Future influence is apparent in this track.
1:45 to 1:51 was prime
This is amazing
Papa Franku

KEEP DIS SHIT UP BRA!

xD
Imagine Pink Guy and Tyler The Creator working together. They would drop the twin tower again.
That 60 fps
gib me the lyrics pls
Nice rap bro
Lord Chinchin wanted pink guy for his tasty ass beats
I don't know why every time I watch a filthy frank video, it always make me think of how I'm gonna die someday and have no conscious that I ever existed and be nothing for the rest of eternity.... Great rap Papa Franku
my new jam
Brings back memories of nam
ASAP ROCKY style beautiful :') The day Frank stops puting out video I will be genuenly sad
So this is what John Lennon gets up to nowadays
this went hard
pink guy got sick skillz
Pink Guy = The only good internet rapper
This is gonna end tragically.  I'll be watching every second though.
This one's for the folks that be dead inside! here's the lyrics. http://genius.com/Pink-guy-onigiri-rice-balls-lyrics :O
Happy New Year b0ss
This beat is as fire as the Jews in Hitler's grandmother's oven ;) lov u papa franku lets fuck up 2016 and make it regret it was next year
This video cured me.
SPOILER: ................................................... pink omega is pink guy
i dont need .. MICROWAVE 

pls mary me 3 !! 
lg from deutschland ... Evi
Learned how to make rice balls from this video
I'm feeling the love papa. happy New year from Wisconsin
damn this goes hard
Watching this at like 1:00 in the morning is an acid trip yo
yes my young padawan
Judging from all the other shit Frank has eaten in his time, a little bit of ash from a cig won't hurt him
BRING BACK JOJI VLOGS!!!1!!1!!!!!11!!11!1!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!1!
Can s0mebudy give me the lyrics, plEase ?
Frank you are my favorite youtuber and when i saiw how you live your real life in jojivlogs i liked you more. Frank keep doing what you want fk youtube fk haters, your still the best
This beat dropped harder then japan oh ye... hehe
I'm finding it increasingly hard to get off his dick, b0ss
Man these were some good jelly filled doughnuts
GOLD.
frank could have a legitimate music career
I just broke the replay button
this is exactly how i cook . .hahahaha
bring back JojiGamingHD
You fucking dope filthy franksan!!! Shout out from osaka!!!
forever a fan no matter what you do love u fam
Fuck your cool . Ily
Lol joji is a synonym for real
I got an Earl sweatshirt vibe from this, is it just me.
It's all nice and shit, but please put cross fades in between samples. I can hear all the little ピ sounds where the sample is cut.
I wanna dunk those rice balls on my eyes like African goggles
He could have been a top notch musician...chose to be a b0ss instead.
pls more pink guy raps!
this beat just gives off a Tyler the creator vibe and i LOVE IT!!!
FlithyFrank for President 2015
Nice intro
i love this song so fucken much cause of that beat
Stupid anime. I thought those were jelly doughnuts. #kappa
this is so fake fake music senpai franku
Lol we want joji
Every Franku's new video makes my day better. Thank you papa Franku.
This legit dope
I found nujabes by watching some of your music videos so thanks.
Samurai Champloo new OP
WOW YOU GOT BETTER WORDPLAY THAN BO BURNHAM DUDE LOL WOW #COOL #BITCHMOB
Dude your house is dusgusting
I love you Papa Franku!!!
does he really live in that shithole
Why does Frank sound like he's smoked cigarettes for 20 years?
are you gonna release the beat or is it already out and I haven't found it yet?
filthy pink frank omega guy
Pink Guy ft. Dj André Marques 0:09 0:16
is thats his voice ? :0
That´s pretty ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnncccccccccccuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Pink Guy has...made....a...a new song? WE MUST REJOICE MY PEOPLE!
Really my inspiration in so many ways, thank u Joji, you really make not wanna kill my self at all. (So u failed little asian ass bitch)
I hope he isn't actually a smoker now. I don't want him to actually habe da cancer
please give me another album of this dank shit
Pink Guy x Keith Ape x Okasian x KOHH x Dumbfoundead 2016 make it happen
Ewwwwww you smoke cigarettes? Might want to stop that before you get cancer, actual cancer...
1:24
Is that BMO calling Finn?
Everyone should just tweet this video at Tyler, The Creator so that they can collab!!!!
This is really good. Sounds like legit music (almost sounds like ofwgkta lyrics). I like the mention that he's not here to be our role model because I'm sure he gets a lot of complaints from people saying that his videos are taken too far when they're not even meant to be taken seriously. Great work as always, papa Frank, keep it up!
So I gave my son a small loan of a million dollars for this?

What the fuck.

-Bill Gates
Lets all go to the lobby and buy some riceballs
rip filthy Frank he died from lung cancer
I actually learned something from this. Bombest recipe tutorial ever
who's watching this shit in 2016?
hey, that's pretty good
genuinely a fuckin incredible video
Waited 2 weeks for this
Jesus Christ that ending was beautiful, keep up the good work Frank/Joji/whatever the fuck your real name is, loving this new stuff and your music, happy new year man
dem piano chords @ 1:10 are very tyler the creator-esque. MAKE IT FUCKING HAPPEN
damn this beat go hard
面白い ;)
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                     I  W A N T   T O   E N D   M Y   L I F E
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
They should play this in every club and party at New Years Eve.
smoking is smoking is smoking
Don't apologize for being real, especially when that's what people think they want.  People want to hear about you personally so they categorize what they must think that is as "real music." The breaking of character essentially. At the end of the day especially when it comes to rapping as long as the content is creative and flows I don't understand the problem. Everything within context has a point, whether or not it's recognized.
nice song, but clean your stove top
That soul patch doe
Pink guy with some more dope flow. Looking forward to 2016
2015 was the year of papa franku.
I had a dream. Frank was my uncle. It was awesome.
love the music

it's gr8

prolly gonna listen again
This is Art.
Was expecting cancer. Ended up with my family dying in a mysterious house fire...
Does Frank monetize his videos?
DJ Khaled better step it up
Hey, that's pretty good!
Aye b0ss, drop me that mix tape 2016 ;o
I miss my dad
Nice beard pink guy
Drugs are bad, Mkay?
+TVFilthyFrank if you like making it then make more! :D this is YOUTube not OURtube.
Bleep blap is finished 😍
bring back home vlogs
Aye do I smell a second pink guy album ?
this is just something!
Nice camera.
I think that Frank could do really good music if he takes it seriously.
I need an adult
OMG, Frank at it again spitting lyrical perfection my god this is the  most amazing thing ever
2pac would be proud
ur pretty cool dude
papa franku with a beard, I came so hard
frank is my spirit animal
Jeez frank wanna lay off the cigarettes?
honestly your music is good,really good holy shit
FUEGO
Dude, you do you man. Like I'm sure people have known that the shit you do and say is just social commentary with a comedic twist, so keep at it.
what camera frank
I really love this grimy bass heavy beat man.
Your house is fucking disgusting.
Nice
Was Tyler the Creator in that tub helping you with the production on this one b0ss?
the realest
I want rice balls now.
Punk guy needs his own channel
Yeah fuck joji music we got pink guy here
Oh damn Bruh that's fire
sounds like a beat you would hear on adult swim
The only thing that would make Frank more cancerous is if he used vaporizing cigarettes
This is beautiful
this is fuckin sick. I get a real Tyler, the creator vibe (from his early stuff), but I mean that in a good way
Sound like ofwgkta
¯\(ツ)/¯
amazing
Puff Daddy doesn't have shit on your production skills
Beard
Dropping bars like Nagasaki!
Hey frank do you know how to make mochi
I love cooking my rice balls with Pink Guy's songs. Another great video eh b055?
Pink guy is John Lennon?
poor jap faggot cant afford a decent apartment
to be honest im amazed. so stylish
i hope i pass in my sleep
Still better than trap music
cooking + rapping what do you want more=?!

pinkguy is love, pinkguy is life! <3
Quality Shit here, hope to see some crazy shit in 2016.
Welcome back cloud i mean pink omega!
take out all ya bitches contacts, add pink guy; call that pink eye.
I love you call me (719)822-6854
title change xd
Anyone here ever seen the film Chef by Jon Favreau?
wow im here so soon i wonder if i can interact with the big poppa himself
Baby
Its been too long boss
This was pretty dank
What's this?  A high quality filthy frank video? nice.
Can I eat them rice balls senpai?
I prefer 101 Dalmatians but this is fine
album pls
+TVFilthyFrank ey bitch my videos r better then yours, but i still ejac'd all over my monitor when i saw your beautiful pink skin. keep giving the good cummies papa
MC CHEF
Where is your real hip hop life frank
My pussy exploded
This is so fire, it created a kugelblitz
I FUCKING LOVE THIS
clean yo place Frank
i dont know... nothing beats lamen king, ode to ronald mcdonald and fried rice.
Did he change the title to Rice Balls? I thought it was Onigiri??
must stops
What is this fake music? We want Joji music!@!@!@! wahahahaha
stoppings
All I want is more music from you idgaf what "kind" of music it is just keep making this shit.
is of a piece of shit with a cancer
I love this so much, thank you!!
that fucking base is killer, 10 cancer out of 10 cancer
man , this video and music is better than many huge budget artists. 
the shots and the music man just 10/10
those balls are nasty
is there any chance of getting Pink Guy on Spotify?
I love you Joji, your music is fucking delicious
Dude this was dope keep doing this shit fuck everyone else i like all content you put out. Not a kiss ass but just appreciate all the shit you do and create.
Im 1 year old and I have to say that this is the real music, they don't make these kind of music anymore. wish more people from my generation would respect this. man,this generation sucks #thuglifepinkguy. he is spiritual, lyrical, miracle, individual #realhiphop
Hey... That's pretty good
damn this shit is fire, lyrics?
This beat is actually... pretty hot
Thank god
I fucking love this no joke Joji babe fuck me.
There are people who call these raps "not real music?"  What qualifies as that?  Top Ramen and Fried Rice drops some serious hammers, what does it matter to them if there's footage of you cooking added to it?  How does that detract from their impact?-when no bitches find them attract-or, Old MacDonald faggot fronting as a ladies man? Nah they're just an actor, a little fudge packer
I'M A SPIRITUAL LYRICAL INDIVIDUAL MIRACLE SPIRITUAL MIRACLE LYRICAL INDIVIDUAL MIRACLE-
pls rap more
ZWHY DID YOU CHANGE THE NAME FROM ONIGIRI Y
nigoris.
You've been my favorite YouTuber since 2012. I doesn't matter to me what name you go by, what channel you're on, or what type of videos you make, I love it all. Thanks for a fucking crazy 2015, and I hope the future holds even filthier shit. Thank you for being the most cancerous, autistic, and disease ridden channel on YouTube. If you can even call it a channel.
0/10 didn't feel like a fever dream.
Love the slow mo
Did Joji say Killer Whales?
UNDER WATER SQUAD.
Well time to make a new edit...
i... i was eating onigiri while watching this... i don't think i'm ever going to cook it ever again in the same way.
delectable beats once again
Still something so white and pussyish I feel in that beat, I don't know why
Oh deng a noo pnk gai rap
"Hey that's pretty good" - idupes
Tyler the creator?
Hey, that's pretty good.
Maybe people requesting "real music" only want a decent beat with sensible lyrics, just saying. Sure, I was entertained when I watched this, but I would really like to hear a serious song by Joji/Pink Guy/Pink Omega/Franku because he clearly is at least somewhat musically gifted.
Yo guys Youtube Explained just uploaded a video explaining FilthyFrank.
prankd
you should have a contest for people to make dances to your songs. either way I want to do it for fun regardless cause it would make for some great moves  with these dank beats and lyrics
Let's all go to the lobby.
best 2015 song.
You seriously need release these instrumentals!
sjukt tung asså hahahha
Im ready for the day when I see a news article about a man in a pink suit found dead in the street with a heroine needle in his arm
I fucking love you, Frank.
that house needs some serious cleaning
More of this fake shit <3
Ur fan base is autistic oml
Fire
Pink omega wtf was that line about
THE WEEABOOS SHALL RISE AND I... I AM THEIR LEADER THEIR VOICE PROPHET OF THE WEEABOOS AND WE WILL START THE GREAT JOURNEY AND WHEN IT BEGINS YOUR HERSEY WILL STAY YOUR FEET AND YOU WILL BE LEFT BEHIND!!!👳🏿👳🍆🍆
hey, that's pretty good...
Why did he change the name?
I'm -8 years old and I listen to this
this go hard asf
Still better than anything Iggy could make
You should post more music considering that you're awesome at it and it sounds sweet. Well you can post whatever you like to post i know i love all your content and so do many others, i just wanna see all the great things you can do.
Eating and smoking at the same time? B0ss..you have a cancer now.
filthy frank is the best :)
Better than all the songs in the radio
sounds like Tyler the Creator
edgy
I'm glad to see this. Fan base should never force the entertainer into styles they don't enjoy.
Papa Franku has some of the best like to dislike ratios on YouTube.
I love his music so much.
DOPE ISH MA NIGGA
WHAT THE FUCK? FRANKU SEMPAI EZ PINK GOI?????!??!?!!??!!?
franku on that literal cancer
DEEZ NUTS, nope, DEEZ BALLS :D
I'm constantly confused whether he's an actual smoker or doing it just for his vids. Hmm
lil tryhard at the end there 8)
Imma spiritual lyrical miracle individual spiritual miracle lyrical individual spiritual miracle individual, skippin n flippin n dippin n skippin n flippin n dippin the illest the killest the skill of the realest, I'm the realest of the realest, I'm bringing real hip hop back don't you ever forget it! Fuck lil wayne, and the government's corrupt! Fuck the government, cuz I don't give a fuck! I'm the realest in the game, cuz I'm underground n fuck that mainstream shit: cuz I don't give a fuck! I'm a spiritual lyrical miracle lyrical spiritual illest satirical miracles flippin n dippin n skippin !REAL HIP HOP! Don't you ever forget it! It's that underground shit and it's the white boy that said it! Real hip hop! Don't you ever forget it! It's that underground shit and it's the white boy that said it!
Frank shave that pubic hair that you call facial hair m8.
is this really his voice cuz damn :)
Frank man this reminds me of when I first got into your shit. I was straight up addicted to PINK GUY COOKS TAKOYAKI AND RAPS. I've been listening to it on repeat all day.
Oh Frankie your songs are amazing, you know how to make a man feel wet.
I have a feeling in my ass that the real frank will show up soon : 3
Oh Frankie your songs are amazing, you know how to make a man feel wet.
Now we want "Filthy Frank 2015". Last year one was the most cancer-packed shit i've ever seen.
Time to step up your game, papa.
Ayyyyyye what midi controllers you use?
Thank you TVFilthyFrank for all these videos and TooDamnFilthy and Dizastamusic.
song name?
Frank is getting to skool 4 kool 4 me
Papa franku made me squirt with his lit beats.
I mean, this really isn't that bad. The way it was filmed was art. But, I had to subtract some points from your score because seeing your house in such a messy state gives me major anxiety.
can u plz work with south park. there is so much you can do. they could really use your fresh errrrr filthy ideas. 
you change the world.
Nice ;  /
Pink guy has a beard? My child is all grown up now
You have talent for real.
Why you translate the name?
I loved it <3
Fuck the whinging people who complain about your music Papa Franku, you're doing something you feel and enjoy so go hard at what you love. Can't wait for a new year of videos :) Happy New Year you filthy bastard
my nipples are now hard, thank you
Hm catchy
I love you! I missed you!!!
Is smoking c00l again? Great, I'll smoke everything now. Cats, dogs, lizards, that dresser, those cans you got in the corner. How about them rice balls? How about your rice balls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Then rice balls were made perfectly are you like Jon favreau?
imagine the cleanup after these videos
Frank u give em boners <3
Edgy son
Get dat smoke outta yo mouth nird
This has a really hard Tyler the creator type of feel to it.
This is art.
Bitchin! I'll take this over some faggy, no-talent Drake video any day of the week!
Well I thought 1 million subs would make you shit I was right till this came out
WOW THIS GUYS ON PAR WITH THE ONE AND ONLY LEGENDARY M&M!!!!!
children in mugs could have ate those africa
I like to think that one day we'll see Gordon Ramsay featured in pink guy's music vids.
New Frank video? Lets beep this out.
papa franku, you are my eternal savior. you protect me from weboos, tumblr fags, feminists, and all sorts of evil in this world. I want to thank you for such blessings. if you need anything, anything at all, just clicc dat mofuccin licc button. <3<3<3 B====D <3<3<3
Pink guy needs a tour
Put it in the trash.
h0ly shit boss im in love with this
This beat is dope. I need a download
lyricsplease:$
No its filthy frank madafaka?
YOOOOOOOOOOFilthyFuckingFrank Got a new fucking camera!!!!! Finnaly time to enjoy The Boss in 60 frames Per Second! Hail Franku!
Why did u change the Title from ONIGIRI to rice balls
fucking great thanks man!
I need to ask you to stop
This is pretty fire
10/10 rice balls
keep that shit coming
Masterpiece
Holy fuck mayne, that was amazing. And you made a point. AYY, THATS PRETTY GOOD
you're the second coming of jesus
gr8 job m9
can u gime the pusi pls
this was a great birthday present papa franku🙏🙏🙏
💦
Pink guy is a great raper ! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Why cant my generation appreciate this music...
no joke frank your my favorite YouTuber
his voice is so nice to listen to holy fuck
This comment section is hilarious keep at it you kids
daddddyyyyyyyy
That.... Was.... AMAZING!
wow!! love the camera you're using!! great video joji! keep it up! and happy new year
I'M INLY 14 AND I'M THE ONLY IN MY GENERATION THAT'S LIKES REAL MUSIC GLUBGLUB
aaaaawww yeaaa, more spewing fire by pink guy, thanx papa! Don't mind the assholes that keep asking for "real" music, like this isn't. I enjoy your shit... hell, I enjoy it too much :|
rocking out the morphias glasses franki
This is... actually pretty good o.o
Dade's been dead for a year.
can you release an instrumental
clean the fucking pink guy suit's feet
god damit i fucking love filthy frank's comment section
this sucks.
Fucking hilariousXD
when I get stressed out I have seizures
never nutted this hard
Onigiri to Rice Balls  magic right there
Great video Frank.You made me go on a quest to cure my terminal cancer.
10/10-Better than Tupac
Ok with all the stuff you do in your house, how often do you like walk around and step on broken glass or something?
is this tyler the creator lol
Who is joji tho
bring back jojivlogs fgt
hi
gibbe da pussi b0ss
This music speaks to me on spiritual levels. Haha I loved this!! XD
When are all your new songs going to be for purchase?
Obvious ironic tone aside, that was I really enjoyable song.
I'd buy it
This is fucking fire man. Jfc this is so fucking good like wtf????
What program does frank use to make music?
Pink Guy at it again
My only concern, Will there be another album?
Man, I wish other kids from my generation could appreciate this music.
holy shit that beat
We need more of this.
CHEF FRANKU'S MIXTAPE
smoking is bad for you
noticeably more bad ass.
I'm 14 and I'm the only one in my school who enjoys this music :(( XD
This shit's fire
I think frank finally upgraded to 60fps and learned to edit in slow motion. Can't wait to see all the HD shit this channel produces.
this guy reminds me of Tyler the creator
1:32 After watching it twice, I realized it was only the backside of a chair.
Finally some Goji
You changed the title you Japanese fuck <3
rice is nice
Wtf
hey Frank, nice vid love it! but for your own sake... please stop smoking... I'm not being one of those troll fags who wears fadoras and likes trump I'm just saying stop smoking for your own good. last month my dad died of lung cancer from smoking, and u have helped me through these hard times by putting a smile on my face when I think about going and seeing my dad. so for your own health, please stop smoking... :)
~check out my mix tape!!
@xX_puzxyslayxjaronerapx_Xx
This is an awesome video, really cool music.
I love your music
your fanbase is fucking cancer you sellout nigger piece of fucking garbage. end you miserable existence. your fans are fucking obnoxious and you're a little pc cunt. fuck you frank and fuck your retarded fans.
REAL HIP HOP, DON'T YOU EVER 4GET IT
lyric pls
But what if rice ball isn't kill?
I call for Shawn Wasabi and Filthy Frank collab. We need more than Hotto Doggu.
TOO OF FOR ME
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Who's subbing to me in JANUARY 2016???
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
What software do you use to mix and make soundbites for songs with good presets? I have been using ableton but its a fucking chore. I have a baby synth with midi keys and a Launchpad.
WHat are you fucking ODD FUTURE NOW FAGGOT?
trash!
amazing
Some really good raping
Dank.
More Pink Omega onegai shimasuuuuuuu
One of the reasons i love filthyfrank, and maxmofoe. They do crazy shit other youtubers dont do XD
How is 60 fps formed
When the breakdown came did it remind anyone else of Tyler the creator?
that title change
DOOD SICK BEATS, JOJI IS FUCKIN AWESOME.
This is different
its bad but its good lol
Frank your filming recently got waaaay cooler! Did you get a new camera? Diggin the new slow mo and close up shots lately! <3
Did you play those chords around 1:11? Pfft. Doubt it... Pussy.
LOOO LO LOOOBBY LOOO LO LOOOBBY
lol this is fuckin dope
pink guy is franku's boi 

pink omega is the man with the bars
Filthy frank=fave YouTuber, now I guess rapper too
Pink Guy with facial hair really works. Glasses are ehhh though
I'm not sure why I'm still subscribed to this channel and watch his videos, but I won't unsubscribe and I can't stop watching them.
Fuck JojiVlogs, bring back tempura boyz
hey Franku, nice Public Enemy reference bb B)
Hey! That's pretty good!
Like that quick name change cuz i actually know what a rice ball is.
George, I love how you evolved from being some random kid fucking around with his friends to now a huge YouTube personality. I would really like to see a lot more serious videos with the actually you (Georgie boy) talking about how your experiences have been throughout your YouTube career. I love you papu franku.
When pink guy gets out of the tub you can see his eggplant
Sweet recipe guide
THIS WAS FUCKING AMAZING
I am gonna be sad when Senpai Franku dies.... JUST FUCKING KIDDING HE WONT DIE HE IS A GOD
my dick hurt's
wtf
it's time to STOP
them balls tho
You a musical genius 🔑 to success people... Rice balls
Is that Tyler T.C.?
"huhuhuh we want real music, we want real music, we want Joji music."
So on fucking point. 

Do what you do, mahfacka.
3 weeks for 3 min video...illuminati confirmed:3+3=6, 6x3= 6, 6, 6
F I L T H Y
B E A T
honestly, cancer aside
the cinematography seems preeeetty good
"let's get sum pussy tonightttt"
god bless you papa
This man needs more fame
ff don't fuck up your lounges, music is dope
my eyes and ears are bleeding
a truly Masterpiece :')
This was really good
Poor pink guy and frank are addicted to cigarettes now
Oh 60FPS...The Dark Lord would be pleased :3
Does he realy live in that shithole or is that just for videos
Lyrical spiritual miracle
200 Times on repeat, can't get enough of this
TRAP GOD PAPA FRANKU AT IT AGAIN BUT WHEN WILL HE DROP A MIXTAPE
you keep doing you m8 love it all the homo
hottest shit of 2015.. what a time to be alive
Nice boner at the beginning
Someone wrote lyrics for this. I'm gonna learn all the words and sing this at my high school's talent show. #FILTHYPRANK
I just finished watching ninja scrolls, does anyone have any other good suggestions?
gib me an mixtap and a dildlo pls palpa fresnku
shit that was fire from the start
I fucking love you man. Full homo.
That beat just DROPPED! Sick
you should collab with Kendrick and Tyler Cassidy AKA Froggy Fresh AKA Krispy Kreme
filthy
Fffffrrrrraaaaankkkkuuuu
And this is why we love you Papa Frank
MAKE A SONG WITH IDUBBBZ
starting to sound like odd future
BOWS CUN AII HABE DE MOR SONGS PLZ
got anymore of those phat beatsies papa franku ??
franku-chan smoking isnt good for you :(
Nice bro got a Earl Sweatshirt type feel. Anyway great moves keep it up proud of you Frank!
Killer Whale Squad Shit. 🔥
Top ten anime foods we wished were real
Dude your music has this crazy weird vibe to it I can't describe. Its like, super original in sound but oddly reminiscent of some existing feeling I cant quite place.
I watch you in school on the bus
idea for next video teach us to make rice balls like vomit cake
PINK OMAGA!
o loko meu
what's the recipe  for rice balls besides rice and water
ill feed u some moist meaty's
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                     LIKE IF YOU'RE GONNA KILL YOUSELF
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Filthy Frank = kansir
my brother walked by and was like "are you watching one of them cringe compilations?"
U a real nigga mayne
Love you
you should make a sound cloud
Your music is pretty bomb man. I really do enjoy the food on the side, it's nice. Technically as long as there are lyrics and a beat you are making music. And if you pay attention to the words there is a deeper meaning in it all. Trap Dumplings was the easiest to get the message from. At the end of the day I would like to see the real you in more vids. But these faggots and their fourth wall bullshit...
Love that song!!
When your frank you honestly sound weird but pink guy raping sounds really fucking cool
Tyler the creator flow
why is this so chill?
Frank you shouldn't smoke you might get cancer.
So apparently Frank's definition of "new vid coming soon" is a fucking week
love it
Best rapper ever👏👏👏
Franks real name is George Miller
Raw Meat 🔥
That was awesome. I hope you keep trying new sounds
I'd actually like an instrumental of this
now that's how you call out some faggots 👌
This is a good beat George
this is the realest music ever
10/10 Papa Franku
5/7 it was perfect
iTunes?
love ya papa franku.
Dropping 2016's hottest mixtape.
Beard is brutal
dang pink guy has gotten pretty weird
I dig this
Getting better everytime Franku
Hey,
When will the next cake video come out?
smh look at all these channels spamming and advertising their channels..... makes me so disappointed in this community.....
Subscribe to my channel if you agree
Dem some dope beats, keep it dank Frank
Franku that's one nasty ass kitchen I hate u so much but the rap game ridiculous
the beat is just the bruuuuh
This video? I watch that. The like button? I hit that. This comment? I post that. But I'm not a YouTuber.
Awe yea when Frank senpai makes some fire ass songs it makes me moist
Haha fuck u frank ily
I have a chest that looks just like the one on top of your toilet but I smashed it because I lost the key
ON POINT with that lobby remix
I can't be the only they notice the dirt underneath his feet towards the end. My god clean your damn floors Frank
Low key snappin
u make some funny shit man
NYEEES
I love you papa pink guy
Did he change the title?
nigga lookin like schoolboy q
Man I love these orgy ramen videos
why is it riceballs now it used to be onigiri
So you made PinkOmega...Just to give up on PinkOmega? I'm a little  confused.
>60 FPS
based franku
Ya'll wanna buy franks mixtape?
Ty for letting me know how to make rice balls.
plz. never stop
sick rap, dope beat
I want joji back! Not this pink guy!
You should totally make a song with tyler the creator xD
When you will never be on the same level as pinkman
I want joji back! Not this pink guy!
Here's praying we get another Pink Guy Album
DAMN my house in flames cause this was straight FIRE 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
"I don't need a microwave cause I'm already heated" best line of 2015
I always thought the rap god would be black, but he's actually pink
NYESSSSS!!!~~
You should put this music on Spotify its pretty good dude
Nice one Frank
bleep blap
Haha fuck u frank ily
anyone else remembers this beat from 2013 ?
got em
nice
HEY FUCK i'M SO WSCARESDSD PLSEASWEE DON'T DIE
I'm first
FUCK ME DADDY
Your vids are the only one that I press like without even starting
This kind of fire can melt steel beams
A mix of mac miller and Tyler the creator. But cooler.
god u look so dirty and it;s fucking great.
Was that salt you sprinkled into the rice? And what did you fill the balls with? I legit want to try the food you make in these vids
Idk why you havent actually got known more for your rapping Youve got the talent seriously
YEEEEES BOSSSSS    MUTHA FUCKAAAA
wasn't this vid called onigiri....
HIS NAME IS CHEF!
おにぎらず
This beat is actually really cool and well done, I love that thing you used instead of a snare. This makes me think of OddFuture type shit. Well done frank.
could you imagine what his parents would say? lol
I don't think those were cigarettes...
Let's all agree this is amazing, it's got the best vibe. FilthyFrank 2016.
yo fuck you why'd you change thew titi;eele you fucking. fuck.
Well.... If pink guy smokes,then I'm taking on cigarettes too.
Thats hot!
What? Are you fucking gay?
I fucking love you. You need to make more music under Pink Omega soon.
Fist me daddy
OG = OniGiri
That part in 1:10 was pretty dope, song overall, amazing. good shit pink guy.
Pretty dank meme
Bring back Joji, let him go Franku
moar rap videos
love it bro
Dang does frank actually smoke cigarettes regularly?  I mean he's hilarious I love the guy and if It was weed or something I wouldn't care but cigarettes are just and idiotic death wish.
What is this oogity boogity nigger garbage. Kill yourself, you shitskin-loving vegamite-eating ricedick faggot.
Where did you film this shit? Downtown Detroit?
Pink Omega return?
Frank I need some safari man dude, bring him back
2:39 Sweg
where did the goatee come from
When the video has more quality than your eyes...
what the fuck
2015 recap video?
this was dank
Pink guy ran out of shits to give.
daddy
i m so proud that i have subscribed
Do a cover of ocean man
You make me hungry Frank
Happy New Year
Hey Frank, why not make something good sometime?
this beat was bangin
Yo, you really killin it man
I guess HowToBasic has rubbed off a little in Franku
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                      I  W A N T  T O   K I L L   M Y S E L F
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Started from the rice fields now we're here...
was so on fire that it melted steel beams
Pink guy's.... he's EVOLVED!
Hey Tyler the creator
'We want real music' WHo the fuck says that? These beats are the best thing in my life atm
Still waiting on the next album b0ss
I wish Frank's fans would appreciate him as a talented person and not the autistic side of him.
i just hate how he is smoking and trying to make it look cool by smoking
What's wrong with that bathtub? It looks like it got cut in half and the end is covered with plywood.
This Frank using more of his real voice, creepy af.
Fuck off
great song and great rice ball ;) 😋
I love Filthy Frank jams great job guys! :)
Where is papa Franku from?
you're so filthy and disgusting
I almost started to forget why I watch this cancer. then I remember because we all gonna die someday might as well get it over with.
Papa franku
I really unironically like that beat so its cool that you made a song with it. I love you, man
Tell me like it's is boi
His apartment must smell amazing.
Franku you are my waifu (@-@)
You know your killing yourself smoking :/
K......
will you upload the instrumental frank?
I can't stop hitting replay 😓😓😓😓😓😓 art
pink guy, you can put your finger in my puss
reminds me a lot of tyler the creator
frank the creator
Frank and Brandon Rogers need to do a collaboration
why did the title change?!
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams but pinkguy's mixtape can.
Only 90's kids remember when this was called ONIGIRI
cum in me before the ball drops
god damn joji, you are a monster. thank you for this masterpiece.
Frank. you actually spit flaming hot bars dood oml
papa franku u will die of cancur if u smoke pls no kancer dad
this beat holy shit
I was expecting something cancerous. Got sick beats instead. 
11/10 
Happy New Years Filthy Frank & Pink Guy
Directions were not clear.

Got dick stuck in toaster.
so when you joining odd future?
we all know he was watching p o rn in the tub.
Why do I feel like frank is just listing off what he did this week
big dick bandit spitting that supa hawt fiya.
I really liked this video man. Keep it up this kind of music video is kinda new in this type and I liked it. I wanna see some more of this. Keep it up bro!
Stop smoking . Start vaping
Stop smoking . Start vaping
This is pretty good stuff Frank! Keep 'em coming bro!
chef would say its pretty good
"we want real music buaaa " thanks joji/frank for roasting those fuckings lurkers of your channel who don't respect you
1:10 sounds so much like OF
Hell yeah another filthy flow
Mixtape comin' out 2149
This is so fire that the Shriners hospital are going to have to treat some more burnt victims.
my new fb status
im a fucking nuisance
with different types of abuses
walking u in the premises
helping you tie your nooses
Well, i just learned how to make onigiri.
yay
Originally titled Onigiri
no Joji album is fine, but you promised us Jungle Boy pt 2 on it and i want that shit
Waiting to download this like
It light of recent videos, this felt really tame haha
the song is like catching HIV from anal.....this shit is sick and tight
Now the real question is who's gonna take the message out of this that Frank wants you to? :P
I think this guys has some huge problems but its funny as 😂😂
Stop smoking nigga
Any of u niggas know a good internet company thats cheap?
where's the "lets get some pussy tonight?"
From 1 to Chef how god like was this! Culinary Genius and entertainment by Georgi I think he has done it!
He finally found a video editor other than iMovie.
That shit was fire and educational.now I know how to make rice balls
M.C McDonald's Pink Slime
every generation has a leader
sounds shit
This is the most savage video ever
This is my favorite cooking show.
feearsy fruAnkuuuu dono!!!!!!!
More of this shit. Drop maxmoefoe and all those stupid niggers. You've been slipping lately and they're the cause of it.
I was born in ricefields
Is... is Pink Guy not so pink anymore? Or is it just me?
upload shit on spotify idfk how that works but please
Fukin fire m8
please sodomize my chocolate starfish franku-senpai
Hes at the mixtape level guys its too late!
Oh fuck yes.
Anyone else thinking this is actually a pretty good song?
fuck man this beat is fucking sick my nigga
awesome beat + lyrics. love it when rhodes-esque chords come in mmm
This song is fucking great baws ok. P.S. Can I have a teh pussay pls baws?
He reminds me of Watsky
Beat from pink guy dance right ?
This had a tyler the creator sound I like that
Pink omega? I'm addressing him as Pink Omega from now on...
bro... do u wanna see my mixtape??!?!?!?!?!?
1:45 dat FaZe
Fire
it sounds like the beats saying "raw ra-raw meat"
needs more of the piano
ey b0$$ really enjoyed this one. you should honestly make a full album. like you could make it serious even and I'd enjoy it. keep up the good work either way buddy :D
Fuck em dude.
what're you, a fucking chef
This will be the song I have playing on repeat while I hang myself
legit af
Fuckk, I've been waiting on it. Good shit bro🙌🏼
joji we want the rael u111
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Siiiick beat franku
I now know how to make the best cigarette tasting rice balls thank you frank.
jesus CHRIST this is good
THIS IS SO LIT
clean your filthy house
Bring back joji vlags...
Pink guy cooks Rice balls and raps FTW!
Consider cleaning your house.
Oh shit, he went 2003 hipster.
papa franku is going places.
Frank how is your health these days?
Will we ever see Joji again??? 3==D~
60fps
A) did you become Leon: The Professional
B) Holy Shit!!! You're Alive!!!
frank sweatshirt?
This song sounds like it was influenced by Tyler, The Creator.
The bedding to a weird four on foreign movie
Fucking fire.
Who sings
Eyyy that's pretty good!
The fuck is this shit frank-kun,You can't have actual quality for your videos.

how in the fuck am i going to ironically unironically  masturbate to this?!
OMG it's awesome.
Why did he change the title lol
eyyyy bOss
Well, Orgasms have come.
ayyy lmao
THE RETURN OF JOJI.
you are fucking awsome keep the shit coming
I love how it starts.
The song sort of reminded me of Mos Def
The song sort of reminded me of Mos Def
If there is a way of being more badass while making rice balls, I'm not aware of it.
Gordon Ramsey ? Who's he ?
I would eat it
(probably wont see this but whatever) i was wondering about the beat in the song jungle boy at the end and if there will ever be a full song for it because i cant stop listening to it and its only a few seconds long
That be-be-be part sounds like it came from Hot Rod lmao
Ma nigga
cuanto sabe de memes ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I had to watch a Prada comercial to see this. Better be good...
flames poppy
im wet off these bars
New Filthy Frank video? Lets peep this out.
I'll buy your mixtape
not autistic enough
kids, this is real music. Not your hip shit and wrapping. Ugh, especially that skrillshit bull crap, what is it called? Dubstep?
new odd future member.
you sir have made me moist ):c
this actually has a good sound to it
put this shit on pinkomega soundcloud you filthy animal
Where's the Joji album?
I think Frank and Tyler should have sex
On your next vid, Jump out of your window. Guaranteed views
can we get these songs on spotify yet? 
these beats are so nice
hey, that's pretty good.
your music fucking sucks papa fwanku
This needs to be in itunes
holy shit ist das auf itunes bro cuz it makes me hkrny af bae
2:20 ur supposed to use 2 fingers...
What the fuck, this is actually pretty good.
is franku literally Nujabes at this point?
this beat is fire cuz SSS tier, can we have an acapella for a little remix senpai pls???????
papa franku
No lyrics, Franku? Step it up, you faggot.

Welcome to the teledome,
the upper echelon, 
investin' on these large balls,
I got these pussy-ass bitches windin' like the Japanese,
Killer Whales, humpbacks, and these Narwhals, 
I'm just trynna strangle these fuckers,
I'm just trynna strangle these fuckers,
I'm just trynna strangle these,

This the beep-blop,
you make the beat flop,
breathe in more cushion that the seat got,
so we've got,
the beat, droppin' harder that your son's balls at 12,
not to mention, that we harder that Viagra with the big cock.

I'll fuck you in the mouth again,
I'll let you know that Imma a Shcizo,
I be hearin' shit,
so don't be fuckin' me cause bet your ass, I'll be hearin' it,
when I get done with you, 
I'll make sure that you sellin' bit,
(Ewww)

Fuck your dog, I can smack at your teat.
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe.
(What, is that 2rude?)

Imma fuckin' nuisance,
with different types of abuses,
I'm runnin' up in the premises,
helpin' you tie your nooses,
cuz all of you fucks are clueless,
and do not know how to do this,
say 'I act retarded' on station,
then put my fingers in pusses,
like 'Oh',
like 'Uh',
Oh.

Yuh.

I fuck around for money, like a camwhore,
jerk it to my tiddies,
pop it off, to some GAY SHIT,
I fight your dad in the parking lots,
and, or, beat his fuckin' teeth in cause he raised SHIT,
he sound like:
'I never spanked my kids and I raised a piece of shit,
and I drop my kids off at soccer practice erry Tuesday'
Oh,
this be for the folks that be dead inside,
many golf champion, man, you got no drive, playa.
Fuccboiis, 
treat my dick like a trampoline,
I only work with paper, like a fax machine.
I'm on the car's hood, screaming Micheal Mammal,
whippin' thru the flamable, 
burn on NASA,
playin' chess with the Camels.

I'm here to be an act, not a role model,
don't be cryin',
when I'm smashin ya kid with a bottle,
I'm just chillin', 
makin' rice balls,
ERRDAY.
I'm a simple man,
I don't need a microwave (x4)
cuz I'm already heated. 
(That's not funny.)

Ye.
Looks like someone got a new camera
You actually have a really good rapping voice no joke!
H O T
The first single to Pink Guy's next EP.
beat pls
These music videos aren't 'fake' like when your parents say they love you. It's just music. Let him make the videos he enjoys an feels proud of. I bet they'll be 10x more cancer like if he does
Waiting for the download link
Lyrics not quite as good as your other works dude, but that part at the end really cracked me up. Good shit.
Der Bart passt zu dir, sieht gut aus
your fucked up.. but in the best possible way :()
Why the title change?
The beat  is amazing.
This song is so fire that it caused global warming.
was this filmed  in new York  or japan, and do you own an apartment in Japan, also or do your stay with your  family  or friends when your in Japan  or vice-versa
Wow great moves Frank, keep it up, proud of you.
Pink Guy 2
Born in the right generation
I fucking hate rap music. Pink guy rap music is different. id listen to this any day.
liked the ending the most, shutting up the fucking Joji fanboys
YEEEEAAAAHHHHH hes on his ET2 high production video quality shit again.
what beat is this ? I thought it was sponge Bob killer but I'm not sure ...
that 1:11 part omfg
How is it this whole song sounds sexy still in his voice? O.o Shit son.
SOMEONE POST LYRICS PLS
I was born in the right generation, today's music is great. Please God take that dumb John Lennon guy and give us Pink guy back pls.
THIS is good music you communist faggots
shave your beard you filthy fuck #iambeautifulnomatterwhattheysay
I wonder how much youtube money Frank makes.
You got a case of the talents
"Let's all go to the lobby"
Anyone else seen The Animation Show?
No seaweed wrap?
i was born in the right generation, this is what is right with this generations music.
oh this beat is awesome. i love it
this is apparently a culinary channel now
i hate my generation puts on classic stone age album
PINK GUY 2 ALBUM PLZ B055
when is the next japanese 101 papa franku?
You still make me creamy daddy
dear papa franku: i just wanted to say thank you. in the years ive watching your videos, they've taught me to stop being such a kiss ass and to quit being such a little insecure whiney attention whore bitch. i wish more people could like your channel for what it is also you are fucking hilarious b0ss. we love you.
Preach!
I actually enjoyed this hahaha
Dope
Wow frank. Great moves. Keep it up. Really proud.
Let me guess, the next video will be about Chin Chin
I learned how to make rice balls. Thank you papa.
That smoking was edgy
YESSSS
Nice.
i'm gonna show this to my japanese host family
Without Memes I would die
What the hell does he put in those rice balls? Cat food?
So that's pink guys setup where he makes all the sick beats
Loving the song franku, you got a point there with what you said about real and fake music. Either way keep doing you man, looking forward to any new content you upload
GUYS!!! Before you all go crazy and get cancer i have some advice for you: 


 

 
 
  
  

Video starts at 0:00, your welcome
i want another pink guy album!
Somehow I learned how to make food with these music videos. Thanks frank
Ey b0ss this goes hard
0/10 as usual
Did pinkman shave his pubes and glue them to his face?
Happy New Year.
he is going to get lung cancer from these videos
The next time you travel you should do a vlog series as yourself not frank
dat goya rice.
Fan-fucking-tastic.
hear that jungle boy beat in there though
oh pinkguy got barz good video frank
Sick motion tracks
Best cooking video of 2015.
Wtf this nigga talented
This is the good type of cancer
oh my god papa franku will die of cancer from those dastardly cigarettes
I don't even like this "trap" bullshit but, man... This is so fucking good. I can actually masturbate at this. You rule, faggot.
Soccer is not on Tuesday... its on Wednesday! (1:48)
Stop giving me aids
SO GOOD
Haha awesome video, great song too. The end was hilarious too
this is why aliens pass by our planet
When ya girl is licking ya rice balls and accidentally licks ya ass
This song is real dope. Tribute to Ronald has amazing lyrics, Erectile dysfunction, Kill yourself and Friend Rice are awesome but Ramen King is still my jam. Awesome Lyrics and Beats. Keep doing this kinds of stuff Frank.
HAn sOlo GreAtESt
These mad lyrics though, really nice. I wonder how much people actuially listened to them
You're a legend, man
Oh, I missed Pink Guy's raps about Japanese food. Thank you
This video is proof that we evolved from apes
I've been waiting six months for this.
how did you get chance the rapper to feature with you?
i love how unmastered music sounds. this is beautiful
Nice 60 fps b0ss
There no "let's get some pussy tonight" at the end.
TUNA IN RICE BALLS? EW
Would've been better without the whole monougle at the end
1:24 dat ass
Arent you the filthy frank of youtube????
This was the best generation to be born in
who the fuck puts tuna in onigiri
pink guy is not pink enough
This was meta as fuck :D
I was about to hang myself but then this this made me happy again
Smoking gives you cancer b0ss
Yes
Better than Tyler.
why isn't it called onigiri anymore?
Holy shit people. You people over look things to much in an attempt to be deep or something. He's chillin.
That made my day
This actually isn't such a shitty video when you're drunk
don't get cancer from that cig
The culinary rap series, the best series
So that's where the sample came from.
It's back!!! Hell ye
this is just so relaxing
im going to kill myself to this song
Killer whale cohort 😷
Fire,  thanks dad.
Franku is the most cultured person of our time
last time I came this early my dad yelled at me
Is it sad that this rap's lyrics make more sense, are more sophisticated, and that the rap is just overall better than any one I've heard on the radio in the past 2 years?

.............
Drake and Iggy need to watch out. Pink guy is here to steal their thunder.
.......... I don't know why I enjoyed this drivel.
Funny, but he really shouldn't be smoking.
you gonna be the next Kendrick Lamar?
A1 autisim
Also you have my support for your music man...I don't care if you're pink guy or Joji...you make good stuff and as a consumer all genres of music I recognize good stuff when I hear it...if you're happy making videos...I'm happy to watch and listen...
fuckin stellar, pink
yo that jdilla beat tho
The vid didn't give me cancer, the cigarette did!
does anyone know what equipment hes using in the bathtub pls b0ss?
how's pink guy dancing since he walks on all fours in the other videos
The new tyler 2016
quality entertainment
What have u done? kids in africa could eat those cigarette ashes, ur so mean.





(Its sarcasm)
this video was really funny and the song sounded really good . glad your actually having fun making videos !
Fuck man your house is so messy. (I have OCD
nasty ass feets on that morph suit
You can rap and cook at the same time...sign this man up for Tinder cause he's gonna be drowning it !
I would tell Frank to stop smoking but he already has cancer.
Loved it
This was actually dope, frank when are you dropping this DANK ALBUM
That shit is dope ! Papa Franku > Today's rap
Moms spaghetti vs rice balls
Asianigga
Bad ass.
Clean your fucking apartment
ID SUCK FRANKS RICE BALLS
a collaboration with tyler, the creator would be perfect
Bo-bo-bo-bo-bobby-by-by
I want those glasses
Atta boy
I WAS BORN IN THE RIGHT GENERATION
1:12- 1:22 was Fire AF I really do hope you keep making music videos cause you have talent
That riceball impact was the 3rd Impact from Evangelion, worlds gonna turn into Tang any moment now.
This made me so fucking hard
Hey do you have mixtape boss?
Nigger faggot
Does frank actually make this music? i dont mean the lyrics XD
Never had a riceball before.
Sounds a bit like earl sweatshirt at times
Frank should make a song with Tyler, The Creator.
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him,'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately.Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said tome- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put yourfamily through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 18, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this post gave me cancer anyway.
Odd future-esque?
Papa's starting to turn into a real man now. I like these physical changes.....
it's seems Frank is disappointed that more and more kids are watching his channel
The quality is so good its scaring me.
la la la bi bi la la la bip bip
smoking is bad for you b0ss
you renamed the song to rice balls y
b0sssssssss I don't give a living SSHHHHHEEEEYYYYAAAAATTT if you fucking upload pink guy shit or joji shit, I just want any kind of shit from you. E.T. 3, not serious raps, serious raps, cooking raps, rants. I luv u either way MENG!!!! Keep making shit. Any shit from you is good shit, and if people don't think that, they can go fuck themselves in the mouth with a taser. Also my mom says I have ADHD/ADD because I act just like you. Thank you for teaching me to be someone.
anyways b0ss, fuk u meng.
This is why he get da pussy
this cancer gave me video <3 franku
IT´S TIME TO STOP!
I really enjoy you're music. You should invest in longer dope raps boss
I think you mean: Jelly Filled Donuts
favorite raper alive
This reminds me of Jamba
he should become an actual rapper like damn he's the best and rhyming and chill beats too
Need moar plz
This should be in a fucking museum. This is art.
Meta af
Wait...this isn't real music?
Tyler the Creator type shit
I don't care what you do, just keep doing and uploading music
I found myself bobbing my head, then i thought..this is fucked
Clean your fucking kitchen or gay retards gonna get you
Same
you make better raps than most famous rappers
fuckin lit
real shit this is fire, papa franku has bars and makes fire ass beats
Just like the good ol days :')
deep down somewhere i find this song spiritually accurate
This was fucking bumpin!!
I really can not stop listening to this
sometimes i forget your a real person and this reminds me in a way that you still exist
this was fucking great
That Tyler the Creator tweet Frank made stands. This is also very Tyler the Creator-y.
Franku-sama spitting that STRAIGHT FIRE!!! 

This is the BEST music. I love MY generation!!!
Is anyone else genuinely worried about papa Franku? He smokes and it looks like he drinks a lot and his apartment is complete shit. Not that it's any of my business I Just feel like he should benefit more from what he does
frank smoking isnt allowed in the apartment nono
A lot of skin tight dick showing I this video....
i demand lyrics
Safari man and JP101 is long over due! Hope you have one planned soon! Thanks for the old school Pink Guy!
Love it!!!
I fucked my parents and burned down my house.
How much for a beat produced by Pink Guy? Shit go hard though.
this shit is so fire I had to move to Illinois cause my house burned down
dont even read past the top comments honestly save yourself the trouble lmao
I'm betting he didn't intend to break character at the end and go on that rant but then he said fuck it just leave it in. Good call actually.
new pink guy album 2016 confirmed?
Lol fun stuff, make a pancake next!
fire
straight fire fam
Hey your microphone actually sounds great what is it?
first
sounds like analog 2 by odd future at 1:13
Man I love jelly filled donuts!
I fuckin love the shots fired at the autistic "we want joji back" fans
50 million 10 year olds googled "what's pink omega?"
make your next vid so edgy it makes me wanna kill myself on live webcam
Swiggity Swaggity you look like a faggity now my games are laggity
and it's a huge tragedy I rose out of blasphemy  my grandma's face lost it's elasticity I'm rhymin'
outta my ass you see now my only purpose is to watch the filthy.
This generation sucks! I wish I lived in 35 B.C.
This shit was the shit.
nice
you can see the 60 fps make a big difference
Never fail to entertain me. Keep at it PapaFrank!!
Too bad I was born in the wrong generation, because now i'm stuck wanting Frank/Joji/Pinkguy to drop a new album so I can buy the fuck out of it.
waiting for someone to upload a lyrics video so I can rap this art
dO jOJiMUsic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #pusi #b0ss #lol
kids in africa could have eaten that food
Finnaly dropped a fucking song frank what the hell are you turning into a frank ocean who god knows when he's gonna release the next album.
good job frank. nice beat and great rapping. keep on fam.
Best rappers:


1. Franku
2. John Cena
3. Ice JJ Fish
my boy frank with the large balls
dude i friggin love your music. Keep it up
Best Diss track the of 2015. Better than that drake-meek beef. Only difference is he is dissing  you.
cancer now comes in 60fps

not that i'm complaining or anything.
Was i the only one who was watching the cap spinning is slow motion?
first name of the video was onigri
waitin 4 a filthy 2017
damn this beat is sick as fuck
This song feels a lot like something OFWGKTA would do
I appreciate this
Dope
These beats keep getting more creative, feeling the vibes frank
bleep bloop?
Bootyful.
yo filthyfrank you listen to MF DOOM ? The beat reminds me of him.
More Nujabes beats! Fucking love it
"I killed a dog today" XDXD LAMO LAMO
I dig the Krump Kings sample beat. This is dope.
Got some black ass feet like a coal miner.
George/frank/joji is so sexy bruh. Like really.
Let's all go to the lobby
I cathegorize this as awesome. Nigger faggot
these donuts are so good
thank you based pink guy
Pink guy for pope 2016
Clean your kitchen man
Wow this was fucking glorious. These were always my favorites so happy you started these up again. hope to see more.
That beat switch up was very nice.great shit franku
ayyy fire track <3
onigiri reminds me of Zoro lol.
I swear Frank gets more savage with every video
Why'd you change the name, Franku?
Joji smoking is bad for you
I'd pay a million bucks to see filthy frank on Americas got talent
his pink suit look worn out , he should buy a new one.
Continue this~

Gimme da Gimme da Gimme da~
I'm listening to this hours on end.
Fucking weeb.
jazz is real music fag. not nigga soft blues.
I noticed Frank's smoking habit is progressively getting worse throughout his videos.
Shit got fucking real there at the end
I was born it the right generation. screw that old generation bullshit. the 2015's are the best.
comical yet truthful
Worst song out of all of yours, please hang yourself on new years.
ya know what else is pink
clean your fucking house
fuck me sideways please boss
Wait the damn title went from Onigiri to Riceballs, this must be some dank mj
when is the next chin chin sacrifice?
this should be in spotify
Had a hard time masturbating to this but it was still good
cancer is my dinner
Let's do gay shit together... anyone want to do gay shit? Ok, let's do Minecraft and other shit young kids play nowadays.
Hey boss
This is art.
Give me your likes
So I'm really particular about my music, and you're honestly fucking god. Please, if you make new music outside of the filthy Frank show, make it available to me (or us, whatever)
see kids, this is real music, not that skrillshit dupstep
gross.  At least use e-cigs.
no
You're doin the Lord's work....keep it up man
idc what you do. so long as you're proud of it, its cool with me. take your own path.
Down with SoFloAntonio
Better than most rappers these days
WTF IS THIS FAKE SHIT? I WANT REAL MUSICCC! ehh EHHH EHEHDUWhaUDuini-gne0FWNAJPFNAEJWDF
oh my fucking god this shit is straight fire
Who's rapping
Always love seeing you rap dude. Where's that piano part from?
TvFilthyFrank u r almost as gay as my uncle. me n him play tickle these toes ( Except he tickles my penis)
..
1:11 Tyler vibe
"This me when im hungry for Chinese food" - soflo Antonio
That's some early Tyler shit here.
why did you change the title of this video?
looks like pink guy scrubbed to hard in the shower
This gives me the feeling to make rice balls now...
I was born in the right generation. Frank. Tyler, The Creator, and Logic
why do you live in a german village?
Sick ass song!!!
60fps what a quality video creator
Joji was so sick of everything so he just roasts y'all! XD awesome vid!
>this is for the folks that are dead inside

thanks mr pink guy for considering us
SOMEB0DY RING THE DINKSTER
Anthony Fantano, get to work
I'm just glad pink guys back
legit.
if u made a mixtape it would be fire
I would love to know what kits and instruments you use! Always loved your work. Keep it coming.
Bro when are you going on tour
that was deep
1:12 was fucking fire man
lol i love his pink guy songs! ps: pink guy clean your fuckin feet
Stella Artois.
joji u the best
Bruh was it okay for my eyebrows to light on fire after Joji spit these FIRE ASS BARS?
Pink Guy husband material, can cook
I thought Bronson rapped about food the most.
That was some good shit, killed my ex girlfriend.
ty
Holy shit the feet part of the pink guy suit is dirty af lmao
I'm finding this hard to fap to.
who the fuck listens to OF in 2016?
This shit was fire🔥
Hey, that's pretty good!
damn father
Fangirl's  going insane
Reminds me of OFWGKTA
MAN WHO FUCK THE PINK GUY?
I wish people from my generation could respect this music.
I wonder what his family thinks of him
What I heard: "......Fuck your Dog......."
This shit bout to go viral...
Sometimes I think Joji looks at the majority of these comments and cries a little.
THAT SHIT WAS FUCKING LIT NO WAY
I am genuinely worried for your health at this point. Please answer my calls. I still love you. -Mom
i think this is based off an OF style of song. i like it. good lines too
You shouldn't smoke franku iz bad 4 u :(
lyrics please
Who cleans up after all of the filming is done
hey you change the video name
a perfect world is a world without frank
Why did you change the title
Papa Franku got that high quality camera!
ayy not hating... but your beats always sound the same to me m8 lmao
Masterpiece
its fuckin dope dude
The name changed from onigiri to rice balls
Is there going to be a new album soon papi frankie?
Good Job Frank
prolete R reference at start
You r awesome hello
Those raps are quite the beat, but it needs more reality checks
this    feels   like      najubes    nice   job     franku
Police: where do you live  
Kid: with my parents 
Police: where do your parents live
Kid: with me
Police: where do you all live
Kid: together 
Police: where is your house 
Kid: next to my neighbors house 
Police: where does your neighbors live
Kid: if I tell you, you won't believe me 
Police: tell me 
Kid: next to my house
This is some hot shit.
My son just died of cancer Frank :(
I saw that fucking name change.
where's the screaming at people in McDonald's I missed that
Did u find ET after
Throwin mad shade at the end. Frank doesn't give a fuck.
Bars
This is why I love the internet. You don't see or hear this stuff on tv or radio ever.
A E S T H E T I C
XD that joji real music part was so funny
Joji, do you love me the way i love you?
Jesus Christ. This is the best song he's released to date. I don't care what kind of music Pink Omega/Pink Guy/Joji/Whatever the fuck else people wanna call him makes, as long as he does it I'll be happy because this fucker has talent.
lowkey fire
I love you dude
Why the title change?
Please stop comparing filthy Frank's music to odd future cus they really suck except earl filthy frank is actually good even when he jokes in his raps
I don't have anything nice to say so I won't say anything.
this is hotter than ur moms anus after some friction
pink guy is back
ff ur a bitch nigga
10/10!
Yay! It's getting more like the old days ❤️
Great song, great video.
Much love, b0ss.
oh god, Someone end me.
This is sick as fuck. Can I buy this track?
What country do you live in


Just to make shore that your not to close to me
this is pretty cool
Listening to the beginning of the ramen rap out loud in public is great, you should try it Frank((:
Thanks Pink Guy, this video finally solidifies my decision for committing suicide.
+TVFilthyFrank can you rep my mixtape
Onigiri is rice balls.
Fuck all the autistic 12 year olds. This is dope
IT'S LIT !!! 😂💀🙊💥💥💥
Dope
Does he really smoke or does he do it for entertainment? If he does it for entertainment, he does it so frequently that it's like smoking regularly lol.
Jorgi dat you bro?
My cancer is spreading b0ss.
ey b0ss
Pink guy has been spitting so much fire in all these raps that he's probably a Charizard at this point.
Pink guy:Hey boss, 
Filthy frank:yeah
Pink guy:nice bars 
Filthy frank:they are pretty huge and hard
jesus fucking christ what a fucking nigger
B0US PLEAZE HABE DA PUSI B0UUUSSSSSS
joji the beat is dope but ur rapping fucking sux, instrumental pls?
Oh senpai, I fuck my asshole with rice balls.
HYPE
this shit drops harder than my grandma down the stairs.

love ya nana!
Why cant my generation of music be like this? I hate this generation
no pussy tonight?
Pink Guy back to his full glory.
filthyfrank your apartment or house whatever it is, needs to be cleaned like how it was in 2013 stop doing drugs and get your shit together man. ps love your vids
frank ur growing another neckbeard you fucking weaboo
Why'd he change it from Onigiri?
YAS franku senpai slay me
I question your sanity every time I watch your videos
fuck, he's starting to make mixtapes. wont be long untill he gets a soundcloud.
rip filthy fuck.
Why the fuck did you change the title you cunt? Good job on the video though, I can now cook rice.
b0ss your shit's dope
This video though 👌
1080 60 fps? Frank is moving up in the world
Nice meme
Went in expecting to barf, left with a sick song stuck in my head
WHO WOULDVE THOUGHT THAT A WHITE BOY WOULD BRING HIP HOP BACK
This is dope, it's been awhile since the last song, and this blows the last one right out of the water great work man keep it up.
This is dope, it's been awhile since the last song, and this blows the last one right out of the water great work man keep it up.
Holy shit now you sound like a true new york nigga
I like how Frank changed the title from ONIGIRI to RICE BALLS.
Sickest beats
FilthyFrank strikes again! Frank > 2Pac
Bruh your house is dirty. Fire your cleaning lady shes terrible.
fuck me!!!! your gay
Way better than Eminem
Thanks for dropping this even though you're not obligated to do shit for anyone. You keep doing you, boo. ❤
I find it amazing that at first Pink guy was sort of a juvenile side music project.
I can't tell if it's the new camera, smoking, songs, or the fading of the suit but this seems a lot more mature and serious.

I love it.
You know depression is hitting you hard when you start smoking cigarettes
I'll be honest this was actually a really instructional video on how to make rica balls, great work pink guy 😊
I don't need a microwave!
You could seriously become a rap artist.
Their called jelly donuts.
Quality shitpost lad
Is this One Punch Man season 2?
can i use your music for my videos cause you make good beats
this was actually pretty good... not as "how fucking edgy can we get tip tip" like the latest vids
im diggin it
Eminem be like, who the fuck is this homo. Pink Guy just licks Em's face thus stealing all is Chi. All of Em's chi gets absorbed in Pink Guys butthole.
The normal human way to put it, Pink Guy raps like eminem and probably would still call Pink Guy a homo. #MomsSpaghettiVsRiceBalls
👽ayy lmao
Yo, joji/frank/pink guy whatever the fuck ppl call you. This is the realest shit you ever made ;D i salute you
That was some dank shit right there... Loved it
Go to bed
Does this have a mp3 already?
These beats are sicker than a boy with cancer.
Some of the rapping reminds me of lil dicky
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Why the title change? Onigiri is the same thing, right?
hey, thats pretty good!
So when is Pink Guy going to win a Grammy?
My knees are shiny under the light
Is this on soundcloud?
Dank
I love it when you make videos like this. Its you expressing and saying what you need to say and having an air of fun about it. Great work as always.
next pink guy ep coming soon?
"we want real music...wawawa... we want joji music" hahaha priceless!!!
Good shit
wasnt this called onigiri like 2 hours ago?
this wasnt real music. unsubscriblled
This is like some Odd Future stuff. I really dig it!
We want real music, get the real Pink Guy back out here, not this poser Joey, Joe, Josefina panda humper whatever his name is.
I wanna download it main
that rename.
Fuckin sweet beat man
jojipls
Smoking is bad
they should add filthy frank to odd future
to frank i know you listen to some of that kendrick lamar mixtapes bruh
Bring back Joji blogs
Fckin raw, like ma dik in ur mom.
This is an amazing instrumental.
sick beat
the sad part is that the beat is sick ahahh
how the hell did his subs go up so fast, it just reached 1m a couple months ago
those John Lennon glasses tho
Perfect message at the end. Props man and keep doing what you do
AMAZING
Hahahaha chromosome jokes, ey b0ss, pusi pls, give me da pusi realms XD
Thanks for all the great content Frank!
Pink guy's back hard
finally, frank speaks out on all the "joji" autists in the comments
This has actually got the maddest chill  vibe ever
thanks dad
He sounded like big sean plus okasian lol nice snafu!
hey guys just made a new channel go subscribe at www.YouTube/AlmightyWadd I will be posting my first bid on the first of January
pink guy makes me wet
What a good way to finish up 2015.
I want to download this song
Condom cake?
God is dead, because you pelted him with rice balls you fuck
Thank you b0ss
That was fucking majestic as fuck!!
Wait....bro you forgot the seaweed!
Download?
I forgot that Franku is a pretty decent beat producer
ravage my body papa franku,fill me with your chromosomes
To a 12 yearold commenter looking up to me, Frank aint nothing but Rice and Funny. Cuz Franks the kind of youtuber built to last, if you fuck with him he'll bust a meme in you're ass. see I don't give a fuck coz I'm an intellectual geneouse, yo! what the fuck are they yelling?  Frank! Frank! (that's what they yelling!) its not about the salary is all about reality...   - NWA Frank remix
your muisic its real, pink one RocKsss
my ass is tighter than pink guys morphsuit
The bass dropped harder than the twin towers
You have to admit this video is we'll filmed.
Daddy frank
desides his very entertaining acts, his music is truely amazing.
Who's watching in 147 bc
keep sucking those cancer dicks you filthy fucking sack of shit




love u <3
peanut butter on my rice balls let the doge lick it
whyd you change onigiri to rice balls?
this is actually really good
He switched the titles.
yo this beat go in haaard
I'm addicted to these beats b0ss
Vaporwave
riperino raviolino riceballino
what the fuck did i just watch like damn too much swag in one click
Get a fucking rice cooker.
is there a way you can send me or post just the raw beat for this song? its pretty fucking danktastic
A Work Of Art Underestimated By Critics Everywhere.
This is better than Tupac
I have to download/buy this ♥
<3
Cigarettes are bad for you!
Going hard in the paint
dad
eh
Awesome beat man. Never stop being cool and original. 100% support your videos :) 
Your videos always cheer me up. 👍
tyler , the creator and filthy frank YAAAAAAAAAS
You like cat food in your rice balls too?
I forgot he can actually rap well...
Jelly Filled Donuts*lol  jk, this was a dope cut. Hope to hear more of what Pink Guy AKA Pink Omega AKA Papa Pinku has to offer.
lmao i have the same pair of glasses but brown
tfw Franku senpai doesn't make it to YouTube Rewind 2015
Aqui é BR porra huehuehuehue
please extend on Lov U
wash your fucking dishes
Diggin the new neck beard
I forgot the "it" after "about" 




"Chet"






By gradeAunderA you should check this guy both your channels revolve around non-conventional humor
Nigger faggot confirmed?
i gotta say, those rice balls look good
that shit is so dopeee
commit sudoku plex
Dat bari
Each commenters' username, it's definitely something.
This shit slaps frank. Good work.
Joji I'm sorry sorry you have to deal with us sorry for this unforgiving fan base all the hate you git I understand but can you remember the vlogs the adventures the excitement of a new day I just wanted you to know that we your loyal fans care about you
need a album pls
Best New Year present ever,thanks b0ss.
How am I still Alive after watching this ?
pink guy is back. 
fuck, i can't kill myself now.
The sequel will be called rice dick
Pink guy doesn't look the same with a beard...
I prefer your normal voice its like you are a different person. You look good(no homo though but thinking about you probably would like it homo wouldn't you:)  Nice song I'll tell people about it. Hey is YouTube your only job it must be awesome doing what you love and making money.
Song name?
murdered the beat
2:24 Django
I managed to jack off to this
CHEF
Bae. 😍
Nice balls
pure cancer bo$$
wanna play the Kendama or my Kintama?
BRUV THAT WAS SICK MAN!!!!!!
This is so really dope shit!
It's pretty alright. I really like the instrumental but lyrically and flow-wise there are better Pink Guy traxks
You look sick, eat a burger.
ay yo bruh is this Storm Frank?
He really changed the video's name from "Onigiri" to "Rice Balls" lol
Pink guy or pinkomega?
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Fucking love them raunchy toe fungi
at around 1:15 , reminds me of odd future shit
Should make more music vids
this was SO worth the wait agh
Ah, yes. Pink guy.
Onigiri actually just means rice balls.
I was listening to this song in wallmart. The store burned down unfortunately.
Hey Frank I just want to tell you that this year was a hell of a ride and with you, it made it 100 times better! Thank you for making my 2015 the best year! And I hope you have an awesome 2016!
i was born in the wrong generation
finger me like u finger rice
HAVE YOU SEEN AN ALLIAN
Am I only one who wants to try Papa Frank's cooking?
Wow! Cool vid, man! I enjoyed it.
This is fucking great.
Mini golf champion you got no drive
joji is slowly emerging this is fukin gud
Omg! Dude! I made rice balls earlier! This is the song I'm gonna listen to while I make my bento.
You better shave that shit off your face.
Your style sounds a lot like Dumbfoundead's keep up the great work man
Can't go wrong with some filthy frank.
Ty joji love you bby
YASSSS PAPA YASSSSSSSS
"We want Joji music" Damn son, this got too meta
sick
https://soundcloud.com/rfenvd/savage lol THE REMIX IZ OUT
But do u still need the memes?
this jap dropped the beat harder than hiroshima
sick lobby sample, can't lie
i love this shit so much. music is music. there is no such thing as fake music man.
The instrumental is fucking fire
Notice me franku
JUST STRAIGHT BAAARRRRRZZZZ!!!!!!!!!
Hey George, what about jojivlogs?
I would sell both kidneys for that shit.
MAKE SOME NEW BEATS PINK GUY FUCKER. ALSO RIP PINK OMEGA IM STILL SUBSCRIBED TO THAT FUCKER
Damn
This is really bad.
Those are Donuts not Rice Balls
Damn I was so disappointed that the window wasn't open because I was totally expecting the rice ball to just fly out
That honestly looks pretty fucking good despite it having cigarette ashes and being thrown at a fucking window.
thank you
Actually a pretty dope song
Who watching in 2287?
dammit now im craving rice that i dont have
Produced in true Papa Gangsta with a touch of extra chromosome
Keep the good work bro and have a happy new year.
Cant wait till the next album drops.
PINK OMEGA!!!!!! Sticky as fuck
joji you should put lyrics in the description! great track btw
Once every one realizes you're not funny your music could act as a safety net
u changed the title?
Rice ball
papa franku is the best chef, no joke... I learned more about cooking with his videos than those shitty tv shows in a kitchen
dont smoke dude.. pls
nominate joji for best chef 2015-end of time
w e a k v i s u a l s
Damn joji gives no fucks. Which means I give all respect.
Papa Frank have yet again blessed us with this fresh sick beat.
Papa Franku, your beats are fucking dope.
This reminds me of logic idk why
What can i chef for ya!?
this is beautiful, papa franku
wtf
Frank skinned pink guy and wore his skin while singing about rice
Gay retard
Frank let me eat your rice balls.
That ending sounded like it was straight from Rick and Morty.
Please start releasing your music on Spotify, its actually pretty decent
im down for a new pink guy album
I've been waiting since October of 2013 for this beat to be used.
Shits more fire than the furnaces of Auschwitz 👌👌👌👌😂😂🐕🔫👍👍👍
Seal baby are you here yet
I hope Filthyfrank doesn't read the comments. That shit would be bad for his health/sanity.
What race is Frank? He doesn't look full Japanese. Australian?
I want to fucking kill myself.
Fist me
This video was originally titled Onigiri by the way.
🔥PINKOMEGA, cooking that rice with the fire from the mixtape.🔥
yeewwww dope dope so good. rippa music dude
do comment likes even mean anything on YouTube?
fist my blocky asshole daddy
This was hilarious, thanks for the cool and funny music videos Frank!
Ore wa chin chin daskadio!
WHAT HAPPENED TO ONIGIRI MAN
Frank when are you going to drop the mixtape.
love you frank, happy new years
He's my life inspiration
ur caemra is shit
shaev ur beard fgt
is that a new place man?
256 filthy weeaboos disliked already
that remix was very good
Tomorrow I'm gonna prove why Aliens exist. ayy.
( ͡u ͜ʖ ͡u) dank beats brah
What program does he use to make his SIK BEETS? ヾ(⌐■_■)ノ♪   ♪~ ᕕ(ᐛ)ᕗ
Every time joji releases new tracks my dick blows up bigger than hiroshima and nagasaki. Thanks bOss
Dis sum dank beat yo
Can't wait too finger myself too sleep to the sound of this tonight.
PINK MAN GOT BARS SON
I'm wet
You're getting soft, faggot.
Wtf didi just watched
faggit
GOD LEFT ME UNFINISHED!!!
Whenever there is a new FilthyFrank video me and all my friends minimize our hentai and watch it together on Skype.
nvm found it in the description
Thank you.
people say this show makes you want to kill yourself but honestly it does the exact opposite for me
aye b0ss you got a soundcloud or bandcamp??
When are you dropping the mixtape?
Frank's still killin it! hell yeah!
WTF is happening to this channel,Please do funny weird stuff again.. This is scary weird stuff
I was trying to get the lyrics to this song but some of them dont make any sense. Please do comment if you can make these lyrics better.
Here is what i got

Welcome to the tether dome 
The upper agilone investing on these large balls 
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the japanese 
Killer whales, humpbacks and narwhals 

I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers 
I'm just tryna strangle these fuckers 
I'm just tryna strangle these... 

This the beat drop 
You make the beat flop 
Even more cushion than the seat got 
We got the beat dropping harder than your sons balls at 12 
Not to mention we harder than the viagra and the big cock 

I'll fuck you in the mouth again 
I'll let you know im a schizo i be hearing shit 
So dont be fucking me cos bet your ass im giving it 
When i get done with you i make sure you are celibate 

I'm a fucking nuisance with different types of abuses 
I'm running up in the pharmacy helping you tie your nooses 
Cos all of you fucks are clueless and don't know how to do this 

I fuck around for money like a cam whore 
Jerk it to my titties pop it off to some gay shit 
I fight your dad in the parking lot 
And or beat their fucking teeth in cos they raise shit 

This one's for the folks that be dead inside 
Mini golf champion you got no drive playa 
Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline 
I only work with paper like a fax machine 

I'm on the cars hood screaming like a mammal 
Whipping trough the flammable 
Burning nasol on my chestplate like camels 

I'm here to be a axe not a role model 
Don't be fucking crying when i'm smashing your kid with a bottle 
I'm just chilling making rice balls erryday 

I'm a simple man i don't need a microwave 

I don't need a microwave 
I don't need a microwave 
I don't need a microwave 
I don't need a microwave 

Cause im already heated
Papa Franku, tell Pink Guy smoking is bad.
tfw franku'smusic is acc really good
I realise that first shot that we seen is actually last one recorded xD Great video Joji :D We love you ma man!
shouji i love u i hope to meet u one day and we can talk about th best ways to commit suicide <3
la la la la looooobie bi bi bi bi bi
I love you, I love this. please never change
i was just watching some jojivlogs till this dropped, then pinkguy disses joji fans, fuck you frank
Honestly i thought it was repeating "raw beef" the first time I heard this in a different video. Now I realize it's "lobby"...
Your a specific being... Sorry I'm high
Ayyy just curious, what camera was used? High quality and high speed bro. looked good
Dude that was fucking sick!! Keep it up man!!
"ill fuck you with a radiator pipe" hahaha
I contracted Ebola
( ͡u ͜ʖ ͡u)
Sometimes I imagine that pink guy is pink because he lathered his body and orifices with pink strawberry sauce while undergoing rehabilitation for the usage of drugs
damn the second verse was actually good
this is why I use a fucking rice cooker
Hilarious and Original
10/10 Rice Balls
dude, this music video is awesome
pink guy for president
dope
It's just a prank!
what the fuck
I'm sorry sometimes fans try to piss you off but thank you frank <3
0:24 UFO Caught on Tape . ET 3 Confirmed
That was bitchin
Frank's comment message took the bad taste out of my mouth from this video 

A weird shape of good
Pink Guy in 60FPS ohohoOHOHOohoh b0ss
Lotsa fun. Better ingredients. Better Rice Balls. Papa Franku's.
Your voice is beautiful Pink
Goddamn these bars are so hot they can melt steel beams!
first
I think Frank really brings new things to the table in this track. The use of an intermission "Let's All Go To The Lobby" jingle is really creative, however short the sampling may be. Overall, the beat is well put together and surprising, to say the least, from an independent artist like Frank. The vocals are supported by the beat nicely, and they feel as if they belong there, and not like they were forced there. The vocals sound as if they're a part of the instrumental themselves, and it adds to the flow of the song nicely. The lyrics leave not much to be desired, they are well rounded and provide good insight to multiple different topics. This isn't one of my favourite tracks from Frank so far, but it's definitely one of the best objectively. I only have two questions about this recent song: why is my dog losing hair, and when will my parents love me again?

I'm feeling a strong 7 to a light 8 on this one
I'm a spiritual miracle lyrical individual lyrical spiritual individual
WE WUZ REAL MUSICS AND SHIT
t. Franco Sujo
Pink Guy Album 2 would be great with even more rapping because your flow is really nice
dank like memes
why did you change the title pls
I need lyrics since I'm to lazy to focus listening.
Frank
Joji should do a set in NYU or Hunter
watching franku in 60fps is quite orgasmic ;)
is this on limewire
can someone tell me why this goes hard af
This is actually fucking great
this is great
it reminds me ALOT of Tyler the Creator but I love it so fuck it
"music is music"

can u preach pls
hab u ener preach hard pls
I habe a cancer
Onigiri to Rice Balls.
God, is everyone on youtube that stupid?
Thanks Frank for giving us the best video ender of 2015
I really really really enjoyed this song, thank you Filthy Pink Music Man.
Love ya keep it up
now only,if I could make,rice balls as,dope as,pink guy xD
Pink guy really needs to release his songs on Itunes / Spotify.
I'm excited
I love you Pink Guy, never stop touching my soul with your horror.
yass dad get it
those donuts look good
cancer
where can i download this song faggot?
I've been "following" you since diazastamusic. I found pink guy and the sketches and the chromosomes shit funny, I then found your soundcloud and listened to "medicine" a shit ton. Then I kinda started to like this music ^^^ stuff more. So all I'm saying, is that you do have people following you who I guess you could say have a change in pass similar to yours. We're not all 12 year olds screaming "ayy b0ss"
what are you? a fucking faggot?
fresh goatee u fucking cunt
Onigiri
Frank is becoming dangerously good at filming theese
Now Frank with those cigarettes you really will get cancer
the beat goes hard asf omg
Dayum, that looks good!
That last part, everyone who complains that they want jojivlogs, listen to it, realllllly carefully
Fuckin amazing..
Only 90's kids will remember when this video was named Onigiri
Daaaaaamn this shit be fire
Bro, you could be a legit rapper. You're damn sure good enough. Keep up the videos man.
Nice Song Ass
great camera.
Shit, hope he doesn't really smoke
This is surprisingly informative.
Is Frank still having problems with seizures?
Joji I miss when you did green screen shit
Ayyy... what areyah... fuckin............ gay
my diet is now rice and cigarettes thanks to this song
I make rice in the microwave
give me music papa franku
What's the instrumental?
Aw why did you change the name?
I would've at least seasoned the tuna a little bit, slap sum mayo in it, then through sum onions and relish into the tuna. After that I'd put it in the rice balls.
My school says smoking is bad
im offended.  my dad dropped me off at soccer practice every tuesday.  he died.
you have a gay ass rapping voice i cant listen to this shit
Damn dude. Dat beat go hard tho.
what are you fuckin gay
We want the Joji album pls
Heck
this video gave me another orgasm thanks frank
This shit slap harder than a black man at a Vegas strip club where they allow touching
Good shit
This shit is more fire than the fire used to burn the jews
but what kind of sunglasses are those?
Daddy frank nice rap
I may be a metalhead, but...that was fucking fire!
the voices finally shut up
WHAT? MIND BLOWN, AND MY NUTS BLOWN!!!!!!!
better than cancer
I seriously enjoyed the music what joji made but also the ones the pink guys  makes , i just would lie more or a blend of both
Eeessssssss 🐍🐍🐍 leafy is God
to be frank with you frank (sorry kill me) I actually prefer these kind of music videos then "real" music videos and at the end I completely understood ya it is still music at the end of the day and you can still be all wild while making a decent music video so do continue making these kinds of videos it's what your good at love ya babes <3
omg finally
オニギリ
hi George
Nice to see that Slim Shady made a come back.
Ey b0$$ that's a nice rap man. Ur blessed by Chin Chin
Hope we get a Filthy Frank 2015 video
Goddamn, this is fucking dope
too odd future 4 m3, m8
pink guy has a nice dick mmm
Dope my man
Fucking Awesome just great every time
so based..
Weird shit like this is exactly why I love this channel.
holy shit this is more profanity than usual
Joji you're my god
Jesus dude buy a better house
Does he look more buff than before? You taking steroids Papa Franku? XD
Its Lit
Fire
Papa franku the normies killed TR-8R what do we doooo
NECKBEARD GODDESSES
I'm in love.
omg trap remix song name??!
Legit tho this looks so good in 1080p
Holy shit, he hasn't made a song in a while. cane back being bomb as fuck. nice
He changed the description too at first it was like "Thank you america!!!! (((((:" now it's like "fuck you, rice balls"
Better than Lil Wayne.
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
                  Who's  watching  while  suicidal?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Straight up fire
happy new year frank
Hey b0ss, can we habe the itunes PLS!
I habe cancer b0ss PLS
GET TURNT YOU FUCKERS
why are you using craptop?
i have aids now, thanks
This is absolutely cancer. More please
Better than most raps tbh...
Pink guy is dropping bars like soap
George is addicted to the cigs
the fanbase is shit and this was the nail in the coffin
stop smokin daddy or u gonna die of cancir
Suck my dick, FilthyFrank
That wasn't an insult, it was an invite ;)))))))))))
🔥🔥🔥keep slaying 🔥🔥🔥
Real hip hop
Holy fuck when did you get a million subs
love u 2  X3
We want Joji Vlogs
Ah, a new hymn to sing to our Savior ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ
what's weird is a few hours ago I finally watched a few actual pink guy music videos for the first time. and I want to ask something about rice balls but I have no idea what to ask.
Pussy
This is actually a genuinely good song.
just fapped and seen this... tonight can't be better
Dis was sick b0ss.
have another good year Frank :D
Thank you for the new Pink Guy rap.
At my funeral I just want someone to show up with a speaker and play this.
this is my favorite Filthy Frank video but I thought that about the last one too
Of course this dumb cunt would smoke cancer sticks.
This song had a very OFWGKTA feel on it haha
The song gave me a mega erection
I was born in the wrong generation, God please give us back Tupac and take away this faggot, i'm 15 and i listen to REAL music kms
when the beat is actually fire
"PINK GUY V2" 2016 album incoming!?!?
Please add corrections below i tried my best :P

Lyrics:

welcome to the ??? tone, the upper echelon,
investing on these large balls
I got these pussy bitches whalen' like the Japenese,
killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwhals,
I'm just tryna' strangle these fuckers,
I'm just tryna' strangle these fuckers,
I'm just tryna' strangle these- this the beepblop
you make the beat flop,
breathing more kush in than the ???,
so we got,
the beat droppin' harder than your sons ball at 12,
not to mention that we harder then viagra with the big cock,
I'll fuck you in the mouth again, 
I'll let you know that i'm a skit so I be hearin' shit,
so don't be fuckin' me cuz' bet your ass I'm hearin' it,
when I get done with you I'll make sure that you're celibate,
fuck your dog I can smack at your teet,
and I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe (What is that too rude?),
I'm a fuckin' nuisance,
with different types of abuses,
I'm runnin' up in the premises,
helpin' you tie your nuces,
cus all of you fucks are coolest,
and do not know how to do this,
I act retarted on stage and then put my fingers in pusses,
like oh,
like oh,
oh,
oh,
yeah,
I fuck around for money like a cam whore,
Jerk its in my titties,
pop it off on some gay shit,
I fight your dad in the parking lots and/or,
beat their fuckin' teeth in cus' they raised shit,
you sound like,
"I never respect my kids, and I raised a piece of shit, and I drop my kids off at soccer parctice every tuesday",
this ones for the folks that be dead inside,
mini golf champion you got no drive player,
fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline,
and i only work with paper like a fax machine,
I'm on the cars hood screaming like a mammal,
rippin through the flammaburn and ????????? with the camels,
I'm here to be an ass not a rolemodel,
don't be fuckin cryin' when I'm smashin' your kid with a bottle,
I'm just chillin' makin' rice balls ery' day,
I'm a simple man I don't need a micro wave,
I don't need a micro wave,
I don't need a micro wave,
I don't need a micro wave,
I don't need a micro wave cus I'm already heated (that's not funny),
(we want real music, we want real music we want Joji music)
bro I didn't even know real and fake music exsisted,
I mean I think it's like your fault for putting that shit into categories,
like music is music and if you don't think this is real music that's your fuckin' problem,
like who says I can't drop shit while makin' a culinary funny video at the same time,
you know, whatever man,
it's your boy pink guy, pink omega whatever you wanna' call me I don't give a fuck
still doin' that wacky crazy shit ain nothin' changed,
so see you next time
Tittle name changed
this reminds me of when music was actually good and when the japs were still imperialists
#1945skids
fucking god
Shit, stop eating my children.
new theme song
Who taped your pubes to your chin as a dare?
2COOL4U92 hi there fellow breakdancer
You know, I never really thought of the PinkGuy stuff as "fake" music and "joji" shit being "real". The phrase "real music" doesn't even make any sense.  Maybe by "real" those people meant like "more insightful/sober" shit rather than the brag-rappish type stuff. I personally like the majority of whatever this guy releases at the end of the day~
their is beer in every room that you filmed in there
real or fake its way better then danger music and that chick how made baby doll
this is the type of shit why I subscribe to this guy he is fucking amazing
this is some hot fire cunt
BIG MAMA IS STILL HIS BEST TRACK
This song is quite good, as the kids would say its "dope as fuck"
Why change the title?
the 60 fps is too beautiful
Shave off that disgusting excuse for a beard.
keep up the flames eb0ss, been wit the shit since day one brah brah (;
I can't wait to sacrifice to Chin Chin again.
This is not real music. It's transcended.
Franku, my dick is on fire, why did you drop this fire while I was masturbating?
Last
Honestly, I think you should make a seperate series where you just sit down and talk about whatever topic you want. It would give you room to add humor and be serious. Just sit down and talk to the camera about literally anything.
This was flames lmao
that beat murdered me, it stepped out of my screen and grabbed my eye drops and shoved them into cornias, so deep that when the beat pulled it back, my eye came out, it jumped in and started ripping out vital parts of my brain. Then slowly came all over my cracked skull
that 60fps looks sexy
burnt my house down 🔥
"I act retarted on stage but then put fingers in pussies" LMAO
A E S T H E T I C
chunge et bak 2 onigiri fgt
Holy shit 60fps
I actually liked this video xD
This gave me chills.
Guys its okay if he smokes, he already has cancer
frank just stop. stop just stop it just stop frank
So pink guy and pinkomega WERE the same person huh, who would've thought
Why did u change the name from onigiri  to rice balls
That ending message o dam
God I hope you tell us the source of the beat (as in the individual shit)
he need some milk
This is gay, sounds like typer the behavior smh , u suk l0lz. 


Jk, dis reely gud s0n
Making music in the bathtub? What are you fucking gay??
ITUNES PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This song had more of a Tyler the Creator type tone to it. I enjoyed it quite well.
I wouldn't be mad if there was a separate channel just for Pink Guy's raps...
Can't wait for that mixtape
Peter Joseph from 'The Zeitgeist Movement' is acting strange in this video.
Raw, raw raw meat, meat meat
Little chorus with all the beautiful chords was amazing but the rest was sort of poopy
Rice Balls.
this is too dank
Am I the only girl that watches him daily?
When will this Frank drop the album tho?
After 300000000 chromosomes Frank and Joji are becoming one being once again
Bars
Another dope beat.
Finally after a year. I've been waiting for this to drop
YEP ITS CONFIRMED, PINK GUY IS THE REAL STREET CHEF
pink guy really looks like franku in those glasses.
Nice upload Frank. Throwing it back to the Pink Guy Album.
lobby
Made my nipples itch.
Dank
Nicely made video man. Next album when?
322 NEVER FORGET #4Head
An instant classic. Happy New Year my Filthy King.
You know there were times in this video when i thought you were legitimately cool but in the end my opinion still remains that youve changed for the worse although i do support the message of this video
I'm going to make sure this plays in my gym
Hey Frank, any chance you'll be releasing only the beats ? They're amazing
PINK GUY IS MY GRANDMAS EX WIFES COUNSLER
I forgot what stage is this? Do you have a soundcloud
I'm really digging these tracks, you really bring a new style.
i luv the lobi song in the back
changing the name of the vid m8 don't think I didn't see ya lad
This shit is so fire.
do vids with leafy    ._.
He went off at the end 😂😂😂
What did I watch.
TVFilthyFrank, I like your balls.
masterpiece
nigga wash your fuckin feet and mop your floor
ooohhhhhohhhohh yyyyeeaaaaaaa REAL NICE THIS MAKES ME CUMM ROCKSSSS!!!!!!!!
and i love it.....
I needed this. thank you Pink Guy.
i like how u make your rich with extra cancer :D
I like the colors in this video
I love all the inferior music videos recommended to me at the end of this masterpiece
I wonder if Franku actually made this while sitting in the tub
I have prolapsed my soul with this beat.
Thank God I've watched this shit in 2015 boooi!
This shit is lit
Pink Guy in 60fps be givin' me more wood than a successful lumberjack.
Great shit as always, you never cease to entertain us!
cigs are gross, solid rhymes though
If pokemon taught me anything. Those are jelly donuts.
I'm 12 and I love this silly pink man hehe
That bulge
Pretty sure you can drop all the old shit if you want to man, you'll still have a solid fanbase if you do. I can see that kids sending you "ey b0ss" 100x a day can get fucking soul-destroying. Do what you wanna do, we'll watch whatever you post
No but we do want Joji music.
OOOHHHH dad uploaded
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR PAPA FRANKU AND FRIENDS HAVE BLESSED US WITH A NEW VIDEO FUCK YESSSSSSS
60fps. oh yeah
this was called Onigiri you fuck
I think the pink guy is actually part of my subconscious.
Beautiful. I can only dream of something this glorious.
I can see a lot of Tyler in this one.
Awesome song.
That intro reminds me of Proleter's picture on soundcloud
Oh my god so much bass xD
I had to turn off the volume.
I think I'm finally ready to die after listening to this.
who are the faggots disliking this video? this is pure art.
Why did you change the titles name, it was ongiri
see u next year. thx for video
no running in the lobby
"WE WANT JOJI MUSIC!" Man, you just made the 4th wall your bitch.
Lovely demonic menions driss en pink can suk on my cockla dodle liley luw
wot the fok
Some type of OFWGKTA vibe right here or its just me?
Finally another pink guy rap
this song is amazing like the the rice feilds
You should do Vlogs as normal you.
This is truly his decint into maddness
I love this so much oh my gooooddddd
This is not the normal autismo shit that we all know and love. This is better.
fuck. yes.
I thought they were always saying 'raw beats' fucking hell
This is my jAm
Cranky I want to swallow your rice balls when a large Cuban  puts a dick in your ass while a Ethiopian tranny puts it 10 inch cock in my mouth
Yellow Nigga version of Tyler the Creator?
Hey








That's Pretty Good
NIce beard faggot.
Why did you change the name?
Have you guys ever noticed how Frank and Pink Guy are never in the same shot together?...
Hey franku can you make a instrumental out of this? I want to rap over it and become a superstar
Is it just me or he really has a good voice for clean singing rather rap? <.<
dude your beats are fire. whats your set up like?
i feel like filthy frank loves tyler the creator
I love how this contradicts the internet rapper video.  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) lol
Can Tyler the Creator and FilthyFrank colab already? That'd be dope af.
10/10 faggot.
joji miller filthy nigger
this is so fucking good i hate
2:36 

Holy shit. Awesome. That's exactly what I was thinking when these "fans" started bitchin about joji's beats.
60 FPS HYPE
People in the comments try too hard.
Love your videos, but man, you have to have just the grossest apartment.
Joji is so sick of some of you little fuckers 😂
Pink guy got bars. 😂
frank best pornstar
More lit than a cucumber
the meme is dead
onigiri is Japanese for Han Solo dies
barrrrsss
why did he change the name...?
When I got a notification saying that you released a video called Onigiri I thought you were ranting about the weeb game onigiri
pink guy is john lennon
dank
I bet SoFlo Antonio's gonna rip this and stuff it on his FB page with no credits.
DOPE AF
Comparable to cancer.
Keep making music frank
filthy frank notification 
puts glasses on
let's do this
Pls tell me it's just a prank
only 90's kids remember this being called onigiri
http://prntscr.com/9kikag - too late you cunt. ONIGIRI cause the weebs aren´t pleased otherwise.
Fuck me in ass and call me your alligator pink guys oiiiii!!!!!
dang this is an old beat
balls ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
HOLY SHIT THE 60FPS IS REAL IN THIS ONE.
Insane budget and mad verses. The world is yours Franku
You really shouldn't smoke frank, your oje of my favorite most filthy youtubers and it woupd be heart breakng to see you get sick b0ss
Lol bro
this is actually so dope
You actually smoke ?
keep it up man
nice music onigiri BANZAI
Sick beat bruh.
You have a nice singing voice or whatever.
that was fire mad lyrics and beat
why did you change the onigiri?? i mean, is way cooler than the "rice ball" occidental shit bruh. u wot r u frank casul? u scrub. okno, i just think you should change it back to onigiri, nice video btw :3
Is that actually him singing?
I was taking a shit while listening to this song 10/10 would fucknig hang myself agian
THE END IS NIGH
early
Yo frank.m, Get back in the kitchen and make me some dumplings
This the real music
I never thought I'd actually see it; a well produced Filthy Frank Video
ha gotem
the production of this video is befuddling
cause I'm already heated
hahahaha

bless u
When are you gonna win a Grammy dude?
lyrics when?
all jokes aside frank. can we download the beat, its lit af
Holy shit! Dat goatee
JELLY DONUTS
Holy shit! Dat goatee doe!
Savage as fuck papa, thanks. Luv u bby <3
I thought this fanbase couldn't get worse, it did.
Pink Omega in the place
did the title change?
The goatee suits you nice choice.
did the title change?
Fuck that mainstream shit, this is underground.
MIXTAPE HOT AS MY DAD'S DICK WHILE HE KEEPS FUCKING ME IN THE BATHROOM FLOOR
2:41 I saw what you said 
In his rant about JOJI music coming back xD
I remember when he was saving this beat for the joji album
NO RECIPE FOR RICE BALLS DISUBSCRIBING
glad to see the bleep blap beat getting some use. well done man.
I quite enjoyed this. Good Job!
was cory in the house a anime?
Still cleaner than my kitchen
Nice frank
Gomenasai, my name is swift-sama. 

I’m a 27 year old American Otaku (Anime fan for you gaijins). I draw Anime and Manga on my tablet, and spend my days perfecting my art and playing superior Japanese games. (Disgaea, Final Fantasy, Persona series) 

I train with my Katana every day, this superior weapon can cut clean through steel because it is folded over a thousand times, and is vastly superior to any other weapon on earth. I earned my sword license two years ago, and I have been getting better every day. 

I speak Japanese fluently, both Kanji and the Osaka dialect, and I write fluently as well. I know everything about Japanese history and their bushido code, which I follow 100% 

When I get my Japanese visa, I am moving to Tokyo to attend a prestigious High School to learn more about their magnificent culture. I hope I can become an animator for Studio Ghibli or a game designer! 

I own several kimonos, which I wear around town. I want to get used to wearing them before I move to Japan, so I can fit in easier. I bow to my elders and seniors and speak Japanese as often as I can, but rarely does anyone manage to respond. 

Wish me luck in Japan!
Original video name: Onigiri
Does Frank prefer Reds, Menthol, or Original smooth taste?
I can't smell what the Frank is cooking.
Parts of it sound kinda like odd future
Yoo, this is actually beautiful. I can tell your serious about this, fam. Keep it up, I like what you're doing right now.
The title changed.
158,944th
i want :v
When franku changes the name from 'ONIGIRI' to 'RICE BALLS'
322 THROW :D
https://soundcloud.com/ravenousnunu/filthyfrank-lobby-rice-balls-onigiri
THIS BEAT IS BANANAS WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Your too good for this kind of Websites...
Fire boii
i could imagine earl sweatshirt on this
there's something wrong with frank's eyes he's been wearing glasses for no reason
sounds like something that tyler the creator would make
GG Papa Franku. Seriously though, he has real talent. He needs to get signed or something...
Have a great New Year everyone!
aw
the title changed.
The part with the piano made it feel like a tyler the creator song
Joji is the type of guy to say "thank you" after sex.
Bless up 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Best fucking youtube channel
Cancer?
C
  A
    N
      C
        E
          R
             ?
This is actually amazing
Filthy Frank just fucked around and dropped the hottest track of 2016
PROS: damn nigga have you been workin out?? f'real 100% homo i was peepin them muscles through that pink lycra.
CONS: damn nigga this was the weakest food rap yet. those punchlines made me throw up on my cat strong 3 to a light 4
hey b0ss can I have some pussi
absolutely love this
onigiri
Why title change?
play this shit at my circumcision boyyyyy this 🔥🔥🔥
Yes.
You change the name of the video you heartless fuck, I got to say Rice Balls is just a no no,
The quality of your videos is improving Frank. I'm am dissapointed with the lack of filth.
This is HIGH KEY FIRE!!!
this is beautiful
I want a rice ball now
Yes! It's been a while since the last food rap
This is really dank.
Joji no too soon
OMG PAPA FRANKU POSTED
Is this what pink guy sounds like in his own head?
Onigiri is Japanese for Boner.
can someone subtitle this? I don't know japanese
あなたに基づいて、神に感謝
I want real music i want joji music
This is some Tyler the creator type music. I like it
Changed the title?
don't smoke cig guys.
you need to conduct my wedding
Thx
That moment when papa Franku's beats are better than 90% of the current niggas
Lit
Anybody else from realm 69
i fucking love life
Gay <3
Spotify?
Bangs hard as fuck,you fucking cunt. Thanks!
oh tnx. now i know how to do onigiris easy
Ayyyy nice beatz
We need  more playing with dead animals. 

Just saying.
Thanks dude I'm glad you could overcome all the dumb shit that has happened over the years and continue to make these :).
Can I use this in a video in making
I'd love to treat your dick like a trampoline.
Frank going hard
more santa's brother pls
More spongebob killer
title changed
I thought pink guy couldn't cook. Did Red dick teach him
FUCK! THE NEW ADDITIONS TO THE BEAT ARE FIRE!! thumbs up if you've heard the beat in a vid prior to this
please shave the pubes off ur face
I wish we still had joji vlogs :( this video made me want to go back and watch them.
reminds me of odd future
Everytime i see a new franku vid i furiously masterbate till my dick bleeds.
i guess this is it. Frank finally has no more friends to make videos with and goes solo. oh well they got in my way anyway unzips.
joking apart this is one great vid
anyone else got pregnant listening to this
How the fuck do I copp a copy of this hot fire?
2016 BITCH HERE WE GO FUCK YEAH. yeah I miss your music dude
ey B0ss i have chromosome cancer .pls keep dropping theese hot songs cuz they cure that shit. stay filthy my boy
cock.
I wonder when Frank will get someone to play Pink Guy and Salamander man
Now we wait for iDubbbz...
This is the epitome of rap
You can really tell his hatred for you people is getting out of hand
60 fps i see the video quality getting better joji!! cheers to a new year and for pink guy heat!!!!!
this gives me a big time tyler the creator vibe, not bad man
this has a Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas feel to it.
Good video, but not enough to kill myself.
Thanks for teaching me how to make rice balls b0ss. Clean your kitchen, living room, bathroom, wash them fucking dishes, and don't smoke indoors (that shit peels the ceiling paint).
Sounds like something out of Adult Swim
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
           Who''ll      watch   This  In    420691337 CH?
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ஜ۩۞۩ஜ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
It's surprising to see an audio issue present like the one clearly audible at 0:22 in this video. It's amateur stuff, and super easy to fix. It's not aesthetically appealing, so I have no idea why it was left unfixed. Don't get me wrong, I love these videos, but that was strange to hear in a song by an experienced producer like Frank.
Frank, love you man. Sincerely
this shit is fucking fire
Fire
your videos used to be good now there just fucked up
Kids in Africa couldve eaten the fire from that mixtape.
Papa franku where have you been. Life isn't the same with put your weekly videos.
Hey Frank, first of all I just wanna say I'm from Brazil and I really enjoy your videos, you're really funny. 

So, although I understand what you say in the regular videos, for some random reason I have some trouble in comprehending your raps. Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy the music, it's just that I can't put the senteces together, I can understand most words but that's all. 

Anyways, I was just wondering if you could add some English subs on your music videos to make it easier for people who have this same trouble (if there's any). That's it, no weird shit on this comment.

Great video btw.
CINEMATIC 60 FPS
Bro. You act like everyone's gonna flame the shit out of you for every thing you do, especially on twitter. The reality is, most people don't give a fuck. We just think you're funny, and you can put whatever you want on here
yum
They should make a whole channel just for pink guy raps. Or a soundcloud.
I thought it was called ONIGIRI
Smash dat motha fuckin like button
😂😂👌🏻👌🏻💯💯
Song?
wonder why he changed the title
damn nice goatee
Cigarettes, disgusting.
I love everything about this, from the beat to the video. You out here cooking some straight fire. I'm amazed that whole building didn't catch a blaze from this.
Dude, how bout you slam that bass ass pussy a little harder man? Damn dude like hit and quit bro stop coming back and cummin back
What a song
I need this on sound cloud pls peps
When pink guy knows how to cook rice with a pot and I don't, I'm a failure :(
Dade has made a video. All Pinkies Rejoice!
its lit AF
Hey, that's pretty good!
I HAVEN'T BEEN THIS EARLY IN A FILTHY FRANK VIDEO! NOTICE ME, B0SS!!!
Holy shit Frank, you make really good music, keep it up!
why did you change the title
wow ethan great moves keep it up.
Why was the video name changed?
MY HOUSE IS ON FIRE
Love your music :)
Did the name of the video just change ?
Pink Guy in vinyl when
This song cured my terminal cancer at the price of hanging my self.
#BringBackJojivlogs
Love you (and your voice too) mofuu.
google translates onigiri thinking its deep shit 

"rice ball" 

I hope your nuts get sucked into a vacuum cleaner
Finally PinkOmega/ Onigiri?
this production quality is 10/10
I'm glad I was born in this generation
That slow down middle part actually went so hard!
Needs some more Hiroshima
''Aint nothing changed'', exept for my life after this.
Only 90s kids will remember the previous title
K
3 AM RED EYES
thank you papa franku! for everything! <3
All joking aside this was pretty dope.
I dig it
Sounds like Odd Future
I stopped cutting, Pink Guy.
Thank you
This video cured my autism.
ANOTHER CLASSIC - TRULY ONE OF THE GREATS
Too many bars Senor Papa Pink
i almost had a heart attack,






100\10
you used your real voice so i guess we can expect this to be deleted soon haha btw you're disgusting
that slow mo
Bruh, I can jack off to this
Pink Guy's a Savage.
I want an instrumental version of this song, the beat was awesome!
Skrillex ghost produced this
my funeral song right here folks
Lyrics up yet?
LOVE the honesty in this video. Kids who treat filthyfrank like a real person need to watch this.
that house across the street is nice...who the fuck is paying their rent?
Frank.... are.. Are These Mixtape Bars.... You such a lyrical Spiritual individual Miracle
THANK YOU JOJI FOR THIS GOOD SHIT THIS SOME GOOD SHIT MAYNE
Change my life
FUCK I LOVE THIS SONG
Where can I buy this mixtape......🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Asian Post Malone.

Cept Frank ain't the Fat Jewish.
I was born in the right generation 👍
Tyler the Creator ain't shit compared to this still like Tyler tho but Franku is better😘😘😘😘😘😘💋💋💋
So Pink Omega is already over lmao?
this shit is great
i like it so much were to downloaded it
HOLY SHIT THANK YOU!
Holy shit I need a crisp MP3 of this would pay for it
So is that rice ball still on the window
Pink guy wont ever bore me
THE RICE BALL IS ALREADY STUCK TO THE WINDOW AT THE VERY BEGINNING. ILLUMINATI.
Nice outro, fam
THIS RETARDED SPANISH GUY SAYS, BRAVO FRANK!
JOJI I NEED YOU TO MAKE REAL MUSIC. JOJI I NEED YOU TO MAKE REAL MUSIC SO I CAN SAY TO MY FIENDS "yeah, see, he's actually smart" SO THEN BY ASSOCIATION I CAN BE SMART. JOJI I NEED TO SHOW THEM THAT DESPITE ACTING LIKE A RETARD I'M ACTUALLY REALLY SMART LIKE YOU, EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE STUPID FOR YOUTUBE VIDEOS AND I'M STUPID JUST BECAUSE. JOJI I NEED YOU TO VALIDATE MY EXISTENCE.
dont smoke inside! youll make your walls yellow and your apt will smell!
IT WAS RENAMED TO RICE BALLS!!! IT WAS ONIGIRI FIRST!!
That was fire asf 🔥🔥🔥
you are a fucking artistic regard
Frank, for real though, I appreciate this. I too wanted "real" Joji music but your little rant makes sense. If this is what you make, I fully support it, because it sounds fucking bomb. Seriously this has crazy potential. Keep it up boo xoxo
Pink Guy 4 lyfe
If anyone's wondering what this might remind you of, it's Tyler The Creator maybe the songs Jamba and Answer.
Good vocab and flow. I'd pay for more.
deep
how to i install minecraft mods and how do i get porn on newgrounds without my parents knowing
OH MY GOOOOODDDDDD
This beat was straight fire, appreciate the content, hope 2016 will be as reckless as this year
cinematic color grading + editing skill 10/10
okay so does frank actually smoke ? also , this song goes hard.
Filthy Frank is love, Filthy Frank is life. I love you.
The new classic Christmas song.
Collab with Tyler The Creator
You win at life m8
The instrumental sounds like something OFWGKTA Would use
Isn't having a microwave simple
thank you b00s
I don't understand why I keep seeing people drinking Stella Artois, just out of nowhere everyone is drinking it.
this was more fire than my burnt toast
sample at 1:10 anyone?
beautiful.
the beat style is like animal man

wacky to chill to wacky again

fire overall
Onigiri evolved into...RICE BALLS!
the beat style is like animal man

wacky to chill to wacky again

fire overall
Now Rice Balls? Really Nigga
slaps
i wanr you to know you are great and you helped me through depression








now im suicidal
This is great. Surprised Frank (joji, whoever you like to call him) hasn't got a record deal yet. Also, thanks for that video. Made my day. :)
That kitchen looks disgusting :O
to the new album
Changed the name of the video pretty fast there franky boy
The home is a green screen. Pink guy is homeless.
pink guy album 2 coming soon papa?
MORE REAL OG JOJI SHIT
Loving It Joji !! I'm Still Waiting On The Pink Omega Album !!!
My group chat got lit AF. They rushed here my nigga.
I'm so glad that he's still making music
what happened to the outro?
Why did you change it to rice balls bro?
why did he rename this into rice balls ?
I'm so glad you're back. We missed you Pink Guy
Guys your computer will be on fire for about 3 minutes so calm down.
noob
This nigga has too much talent, that even this shit can be awesome, now fucking imagine if he actually tried.
When's pink Guy's mixtape gonna drop
How to get comment likes for no reason
so fucking amazing
Happy new year
Like dis if u ar born on ur birthday!1!!!!1!!!
Can't wait for your next album.
FIRE FAMMM  XXDDDD 👌👌👌👌👌👌😂😂😂😂😂😂
This videos comment section in a nut shell:
- this is great
- filthy frank sucks
- pink guy is sexy
- don't smoke
- people copy and pasting this exact comment
I just saved y'all, thank me later
this is real hip hop fuck drake and little wayne
this shit is fucking fire
smoking is bad
Errybody gettin' triggered.
When can we expect a collab with Politikz
🔥fire🔥
It's not that fire we heard in ET 2 but it's up there
Massive production and crazy flows, as always. Please Frank, more music.
He changed the title?
WHY DID YOU RENAME IT YOU FUCK
mmmm, that's a rice meme you got there
what the fuck is this funimation english translation weeaboo shit put it back as onigiri you dub watching faggot
Welcome to the hall.
Why did I think this was a 3-D video..
Frank is legit good, he should have gotten famous from his music, not the worst show on the internet
I generally don't like rap, but I must admit, I love Pink Guy's raps
papa bless
Shave your face you look like if they showed Shaggy from Scooby Doo actually smoking weed.
don't smoke :c
Papa Frank actually got a good flow
Damn, frank dropping some banga beats.
this is what i stayed up for? jeez i finally feel cancer catching on to me.
mmmmmmm
MUH I DISLIKE DIS VIDEO
why did you change the title I prefer onigiri (I know it's the same thing)
Nice sing bro, check out my mixtape
this and trap dumplings is amazing
STRAIGHT UP BEST SONG YOU HAVE EVER MADE
hey how do u actually make those rice balls
ly boo xxx
pappa
Not my proudest fap
I found a chef!
We need one music video a mouth please do that frank
Fire
in my ass
Woah man, it looks like you consumed a whole six pack of beer. Exceptional!
fucking 10/10 i missed this beat man
私はパパ拳
This is almost as good as Cory in The house
Anthony Fantano
Im just chillin' makin' riceballs everyday.
why did he rename it from onigiri to rice balls lol
nice video senpai unsubscribed
This is the start of him rebelling against his Frank persona, you can tell. Also, I can see the outline of his dick through the pink suit - very distressing. I think he is going through an existential crisis, I estimate that in about 3 to 4 days he's going to kill himself or rape someone.
Nice track, though. Wish you all the best George/Joji (?).
Pink Guy must have a channel called PinkGuyVEVO
holy shit. this niggas production game just increased 10 fold
Wasn't this called onigiri?
Great song to start 2016..... New year, kill me...
this rap was round like an onigiri
batum dass
THIS VIDEO IS VIAGRA TO ME DADDY
This better be on iTunes you fucking faggot
How is he rapping if he doesn't speak English.
huh.. something was different in this video. not sure what.
1 hour of being up and has 22k likes
ey b0$$, can i habe a US Tour pls

Nah but fr if there was a Pink Guy tour in the US I would sell Frank my little cousin and a few oxen along with paying the ticket price 

As long as he went to Atlanta
FUCKIMG LOVE YOU MAN
What is this instrumental jfc
joji stop we want the real musix tho pls
make a vlog channel
looks like fithly frank's film crew discovered slo mo.
Changed the title for the kids.
holy crap this beat is infectious and chill at times, another great track from the master himself! :D
daddy
I'm starting to rape the replay button
Wut.
The fans are at civil war with each other and always will be. What we say doesn't matter he is going to do what he feels is right for the channel and it our choice to support him or not. If you wanna talk about his music, his life choices or something else you disagree with him doing then don't watch his videos because his channel is going to be how it was always meant to be...Filthy
PLZ POST INSTUMENTAL SO I CAN MAC A CRAPY RMIX WIH MINE OWN LRYICS PLZ B0$$
xDddddddddddd j0ji tryna b like odd futuer I luv od futuer od futuer 4 lyf also j col bes raper!!1
is this your voice? wow
I'm already heated
original title was onigri
you're actually really hot
Forces Grandpa to give this song a listen :
"I'll fuck you in the mouth again." 
grandpa takes off glasses and headset
Grandpa: .......this...is.... THE BEST SHIT I EVAR HEARD MY NIGGA REAL NIGGA HOURS 100!!!!!!
I waited 2 weeks for this bullshit?
upper echelon travis scott reference?
What am I watching
Why change the name?
doin that wacky shit
Hello MTV, welcome to my crib...
great
Pink guy looks like he's in the apocalypse not nuclear but some apocalypse.
Khaled better watch his shit, bout to get rocked.
death grips bottomless pit leaked track
Amazing.
You would fuck Chef Dee's shit up. #blessup
Your rice balls prevented me from suicide. Thanks b0ss <3
Thanks for dropping some more beats. I needed this. Stay Filthy. P.S Making another album?
'bout time you did something with this beat.
XD now I feel bad for asking for "real joji music" lol. I guess I'm part of the problem
Who else noticed he changed the name of the video
mahmixtape
this is my song!!!!!!
I MADE A SONG INSPIRED BY THIS:
https://soundcloud.com/andy-ngo-7/rice-austin-doan
ITS CALLED WAKE UP COOK RICE.
How dare you change the title from 'Onigiri' to 'RICE BALLS' You english mo'fuggah.
no one comments about the beat he did, it's ridiculously dope tho
i peep that title change 👀
Absolutely filthy
Title in sidebar: Onigiri
Click video: Rice Balls
Pink Guy is growing a neckbeard
Why did you change the title of the vid?
shitty fanbase btfo
this is best
dope song
rgdg
R.I.P old name 12/30/15 - 12/30/15
he was the greatest meme
I WANT REAL JOJI MUSIC
You're a god
play this at my funeral
Not gonna lie at the beginning when you was getting out of the tub all i could look at was ya dick no homo though
I act retarted on stage and put my fingers in pussys 

I'm sure he does
Look! He smokes! So edgy
can us send me lyrics plz. realy want to rap this.
When's your EP with Guy Fieri dropping?
this is fucking gold man :D
What happened to the "ONIGIRI" title?
listens to mac demarco once
good for you man
Pink guy already got de pusi b0ss
I want this played at my funeral.
Keep it up bud
Onigiri is my favorite brand of Jelly filled donuts!
Very artistic, a fresh breath in the world of music! be proud you piece of riceballs
im gonna suck my boyfriends dick to this song
I don't need a microwave
Is this SmoothMcGroove?
Change the title back to onigiri fam,
ay b0ss
making a csgo teamtage can i use this song thx
2:24 looks like "Kurenai no buta"
Fuck yeah cunt this is what I've been wanting for ages. You're musics always been fucking real. This was straight flames keep at it.
p1nkomega
we want joji dick
Better than bitch mcjuggernuggets videos
he changed the title  to rice balls 
why did he do that that other title was so funny
he changed the title  to rice balls 
why did he do that that other title was so funny
That piano from 1:10 - 1:35 is so sexy
in all seriousness, this is  the fucking icing to the cake when it comes to 2015's rap. holy shit.
MY nigga dropping bars
my hero
tfw u on the weird side of youtube agani xD
This is some real fire. glad you're at it again for the OG's
I choose to believe that you were smoking a loosie not a cancer pole
Shit this was dope af
That middle part..just damn frank..beautiful way to end the year man
(I was just eating onigiri)
hilariously was uploaded while i was playing a game called "onigiri" (its pretty shit, too many weebs)
Ain't nothing better then some dank beats on the last day of the year.
Precious memories.
who are you
I'd fuck him raw. I would let him split me in two tbh
Shivers when papa talks in his real voice.
The moment you release a new mixtape is the moment I stop being an autistic weeaboo and make 'ayy b0ss' jokes.
Best rappers:


1. Franku
2. John Cena
3. Ice JJ Fish
PINK OMEGA!!
"See you nexxt tiiime~"
dude as soon as joji said "ill fuck your face again" my panties were SOAKED
Next album pls
That Papa Frank solo
So that's why Pink Guy says "I habe cancer b0ss!" cuz he smokes!
you sound like tyler, the creater
Name change?
At least he raps better than KSI like WAYYYY better.
Hey man, if you could do a video teaching how to do the sushi rice like you did in the video it would be much appreciated, That shit looks so fire to make. And are tuna rice balls a joke food for this video or are they actually good?
Put this on ITunes Nigga
I casually was listening to the tune of this it sounds like he's summoning Satan. 
I started rocking on my rocking chair in a corner while spiting blood out of my mouth. I can feel my inside committing mass suicide.
Instrumental version when tbh?
Straight fire, I liked hearing from good ole Joji at the end
Haha sexy
Wasted a pot of rice...sigh...
Much
You changed the name of the vid bro wWHYww
I love your food raps, the beat for this one is so fucking good.
Fuck the whiners and the haters
Y tf you drink stellona, I thought you were poor
jojivlogs?
George, I really hope you didn't pick up smoking. This concerns me (of all things I've seen you do).
I don't know about fuel, but damn these lyrics sure can melt steel beams
dis some og pink shit pimp dem riceballs like they ment to go up some juicy ass and here is some nigger in my comment for good measurei mean i dont want to exclude any racial minorites except jews and most other not so nigga nigers
I love you but what should I do?
Boy o boy
You sound like eminem, Frank.


Animenem
RIP Onigiri title. 12/30/15--12/30/15
ima have this played at my funeral, ima be dead so i dont give a fuck
The last time something this hard dropped Japan surrendered
Hey, wanna check out muh mix-tape bro?
what happened to "onigiri"
New album hype
That title change tho
OH Thank God it's just a music video. I was scared you'd be making Onigiri out of shit or something... at this point... I mean... nice song, bro.
Anyone noticed that this is his longest song?
Did the title change from ONIGIRI to RICE BALLS? Can't have that weeb-factor.
YESSSSSS!!!!!
I KNEW THAT WAS THE SAMPLE! bleep blap
Thank you papa.
I remember back when this was called onigiri...good times
I get it u vape
Holy shit frank, damn jap droppin beats hotter than melted steam beams
too many nerds don't like smoking. what are you fucking pussy!
title used to be onigiri !!!!!
you changed the title wtf
franku why did you change the video title
すばらしい。
This channel gets better and better every time.
he makes fucked up shit look so dope wtf
it is real music, real good music!
dope af
"I act retarded on stage and then put my fingers in puss's" 
Thats actually hella deep.
Hey, that's pretty good!
Just learned today that Frank goes to Harvard..
Joji has legit potential to be the best member of OFWGKTA, but he's too rad for them.
I exited YouTube and came back to see frank changed the title
I see you
6/10 not enough filthy - IGN
God really does exist
I came at 60fps.
The beat sounds like something Tyler The Creator would use.
Balls
Lel
this is the most down to Earth and real song I've heard in a while
that piano part was kewl
Damn, Pink Guy let himself go.
in my opinion, you have a really nice flow haha at least, i like :D . Have a nice 2016
end of the video is the realest shit of 2015.
1:11-1:34 good shit right there 👌👌👌
Onigiri
Whats the original song?
2015 best song
Sometimes I ask myself why I'm subscribed to you, I'm certainly not worthy of hearing your miraculous rhymes and sick beats
Sounds like something Tyler The Creator would make. 

Seriously this is pure gold.
Hey! That's pretty good!
You changed the name.
"Don't smoke Frank, You'll get cancer" HAHAHAHAHHAHA HE ALREADY HAS CANCER WHAT A GOOFY MEME
🔥
Dude, we get it.






You vape.
ITS DA BLEEP BLOP
Some of the people in the comment section gotta realize that you can smoke without being addicted😂😂😂 it's called smoking socially people
M-M-M-MAAAYBACH MUSIC
Nigga is that fucking Sunnyside?
the end is cool :P
I like how you guys make jokes about to jojivologs idk why you decided to delete them all and to stop doing them but I subbed to it I don't care if you start or if you just keep with that inside joke and not upload anything on it but I just wanted to say I like that inside joke
Damn son where you found this
my balls became wet when he said fuccboys bounce on my dick like a tranpoline
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Motherfucker just slayed the "savejoji" faggots, good shit
this is so dank I've already watched it like seven times
This reminds me of the time my dad hit my dog on purpose while reversing out of the drive way.
I want real joji music
i need this instrumental.
Funny thing.
There's a Swedish equivalent of rice balls.
But with potatoes and bacon instead.
Frank is better than 99.99% of rappers nowadays
You need a microwave.
this was some sick shit right here... are interested in rapping for a career?
Don't click Read more.
░░░░░░▄▀▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█                         
░░░░░█▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█
░░░░█▒▒▄▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▄
░░▄▀▒▒▒▄█████▄▒█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▄█████▄▒█
░█▒▒▒▒▐██▄████▌▒█▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐██▄████▌▒█
▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▀█████▀▒▒█▒░▄▒▄█▒▒▀█████▀▒▒▒█

You are a rebel, i like you.
The way he constantly talks about how is fanbase is retarded is making these videos seem pretty cynical. I liked the video itself, but he is becoming pretty unlikable imo, and I love his content so that's saying something...
this is art.
White Tyler the creator
Aye boss!
Papa I've missed you.
idk if its just me but that part where it repeats something it sounds like beemo saying finn its prob just me
fILLED wITH tRUTH
Quick, someone post the instrumental of this song so we can laugh at all the bad rap lyric comments
Bleep blap
Reminds me of Tyler the Creator a lot.
Real trvp
Great track. And the beat is real af.
real is relative to peoples view on living. music has a purpose, and it is usually to show the audience a certain emotion. some emotions are bull shit though and should not be around, where as others are not. :v)
This song sounds like some shit off Odd future
Pink guy grew up so fast :')
I'm not sure what I just saw and I don't even want to know. I'm confused.
i love you frank
tight
DAYM SUN THAT SHIET WENT HARD AF MY BRUH HORY SHET
I luv ur rapping skills
gr8
yooo
OH SHIY HEY FRANK
dk army er i der ?
Ore wa ochinchin ga daisuki nandayo!
This is fucking art
what the hell am i watching?!
I'm drunk as uck and this is zhe brest rimh i ever seen in my lige <3<3 pink gu🛢 do eva
came
Frank the creator
is the song gonna be on itunes
Instrumental? :O
love it dude, fuck everyone's opinion. that's a rule to live by
399 subs will i reach 400 by new years? 
The rise ball at the end was such a anticlimax btw
10/10 fap material
1. FilthyFrank
2. Kendrick Lamar
3. GEazy
Fucking priceless.
Yo Frank.

This shit right here. Yes.

Just yes.
pink guy packing heat down below
That was as hot as Nagasaki
good job dude °^°
onigiri means rice ball right?
🔥🔥🔥
>60fps
Papa Franku...
Let's go to the lobby mothafuckas
How's your illness going?
This is going to be my wedding song.
Fucking cancerific bro, keep it flowing b0ss
"I'm here to be an act, not a role model" real shit
In real life Pink Guy spams on every youtubevideo, that he just need the chance to be a real rapper, and that we should check out his mixtape.
this was pretty fucking dope
Lol yay I love u
I want facial hair like yours
this nigga got some bars.
This is fucking lit Frank please make more of this
I was walking down the street one day and this beautiful frank came and put his riceballs in my face
Ayy b0ss!
Franku/Pink Omega/ Pink Guy, Make us a souffle and make that beat fancy.
wow i fucking love this and you
Another dope video :3
You must listen to a lot of Tyler the creator
Papa pls put your music on Spotify. Love you <3
Daym.... that's like....
so fucking good....
Pink guy is Joji ?
This was awesome
It's becoming increasingly apparent that Pink Guy is a hyperintelligent lifeform, and I an terrified to think of what he is plotting.
pink guy gets mad pussy
Yo Frank, You are probably one the Funniest people I have seen on youtube, and Ey b0ss Keep Being Wild
pink guy popped a boner at the beginning of the vid ;^)
Thanks George
Who else searched for "let's all go to the lobby"?
beutiful
parece o andré marques DJ no começo só que na banheira.
deixa os garoto brinca faz um sample de guitarra.
jaiden would've turned super saiyan if he had this shit playing in the background.
Finally this song is released
NOT THE RICE
2:10  I think that's the greatest rap line I've ever heard.
should make a song about san holos death in force awakens
new pink guy album incoming?
Pink man, What did you do with Frenk?
Fuck how much pussy does he get a hour
frankuuuuuuuu!
this is fire
👴💦🔥👧😦😥😳😛😖
Question: Why do you have plug sockets in a bathroom? That's a recipe for death. XD
u take for ever to post a video whhhhhyyyyyy
"I want Joji videos wuahahahaha" lmfao
WOW! you're mickstap is fyrr
That's some pretty good shit, I ain't gonna lie.
im taking a shit
Can you bring Jojo vlsongs back?
Come on Frank, the pianos are way too loud, and you could chop those lobby clips a lot better. Work on your mix bro.

Jk this is pretty good
Bring back JojiVlog 2016.
Thank god he drinks Stella and not some other pussy ass shit
Fist me.
about time i heard this full song then just a few hits when pink guy killin it
please fuck me
I used to be a  chronic masturbator for 5 years this video made me relapse
60fps getting me hard
lit af omg
he makes dope music he should make some :p he used to make some good shit.
damn straight fire
Dat motion track
BARS FOR DAYZZZZZZ
got to that point where he was using his "fuck you" voice for people who want "real music"........again all i'm left thinking is...what a self important asshole...."real music" two words no one has ever said about this content.
PolitikZ album when?
Ha nice stuff at the end, finally answered what the faggots kept asking, (we want normal, real music, we joji back blah blah). Don't even know what the fuck is going on in the canon but I can care less, keep doing what your doing b0ss.
damn dude this is great now I know I don't need a microwave
every day you sound more like George Joji
minus the silly shit this is pretty dope solid track yo
do you know the purple guy?
b0ss
Super Rice Boy
Is this what they play in heaven?
u are a god among sheeps bro
You drink Stella? Are we Euro trash now?
2:37  "We want rEAEAEAeAAEal music, we want JOJIIIIII"

Sides are gone, Franku has gone to a new level of not caring.  This is song is beautiful.
atleast he cooks.
alot like OF
🔥🔥🔥
aint nothing changed :)
Pink Omega
When I saw the title, I was just like.. Isn't onigiri a game? Lol
Follow SushiTrash on the Instagram. It's lit like Auschwitz. 



sick burn faggot
Good ol frank daddy
Dis nigga been talking to Josh Pan
Some black fool pulled me over asking how made this beat and that it went hard hahaha if only he knew.
btw is it just me or is the bass a lot harder than the last time he used this beat
franku - Sama numba 1
the cringe has be spawned ...time to nuke my moon pie
2:32, I think he's starting to get annoyed by us....
My headphones just went up in flames
I'd pay to see you live
<3 u dude, but can u do real vlogs (actually u not filthy frank, pink guy, ect) the actual you vlogs :3
Real talk for 2016, we love you papa
I like how you started dancing a little bit before the music started at 0:11 and then played it off like nothing happened.
smoke weed everyday
rice balllllllllllllls, yessssssss!
Not gunna lie, this was pretty dope.
I fucking love you Papa
I wish I was this lit
why is this fire
Frank is 10/10 done with us all
R.I.P Salamander Man, Safari Man, and the Chin Chin sacrifices.
Didn't you also use this in "Jungle Boy"?
His titles are worse than PsiSyndicates... kek
lol damn we want real music, kk JJ i see you now
i like that. it's good
franku, the creator?
More base and a drop with some remix?
Honestly could be a real rapper if he tried.
u remind me of my dad <3
God love that steamy ass rice ;_; Give me some PINK GUY
This made my fucking day
No balls, dad won't reply to me. He won't no balls.
Sick beard brother.
dude I..... I ...... love you bby
you got that kinda beard that can't grow in fam, Just shave it.
Another pink guy masterpiece. Happy new year you beautiful bastard!
To be honest, this rap was very gay
Where is the chair?
OHH GUET REHKK !!
YESSSSSSSSSS WHAT A FUCKING TUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNEEEEEEEEE
Damn dude you have a serious talent for music. 10/10 i cant wait for a new pink guy album.
I like ramen
Kinda sounded like earl sweatshirt XD
could you climb into my mouth
This videos comment section in a nut shell:
- this is great
- filthy frank sucks
- pink guy is sexy
- don't smoke
I just saved y'all, thank me later
not gonna lie the beat kinda dope
'Yes fucking finally the faggots on pink guys album will shut the fuck up about Joji's "real" music
But he's actually a good rapper????
Filthy casual
Walking into school on Monday with this playing over the intercom.
fuck. i missed this shit, happy as fuck that it's back
daammmmnnn
i pissed in my pants
ferct
I can't stop listening to this
hey joji make some real music bro
Ocean man
You are the next Tyler the Creator
Was joji in the new Star Wars or what was that about?
Pink Guy and Tyler the Creator need to collab together
B0SS PLEAS
Litttttttttttttttt
Lol I downloaded this
I don't Get It!
God bless Joji, have a great new year!
fire
ppapapa frank gibe de pusi pls
I want to eat it...
Did you got kicked out of your apartment again you piece of shit?
you make some really good songs man, keep it up
:)
I initially wanted to go to Pornhub until I saw that Frank uploaded a new video.
Now I don't need to go to Pornhub anymore.
does he legit smoke? or is it just to look edgy
Finally i can fucking take my life off. thX!
Your style reminds me of Tyler the creator, such good music.

 Love ya Papa Franku♥
YESSSSS I LOVE DIS
You know you've made it when you can drop in lyrics about a 12-year-old's balls without being challenged. Omega bless.
FUCK YES ANOTHER SONG!
tayloru tha kreataru san
So this is what came of your serious album.
2:42 dropped a knowledge bomb so big it would've ended WW2
Dropping sick ass beats as per usual
So early mygawd, well, sort of
It's not that hard to find a talented person who gives no fucks in what trash and shit he lives at.
Arigatou gozaimasu for the Christmas present, Papa Franku.
that was fucking amazing
straight fire
This is fucking professional. Holy shit. KSI can't beat this shit.
What's the controller and the keyboard he's using
Your a real OG. The new asian Eminem.
FilthyFrank more like FireFrank! kms
please shave that shit off your face. Love your videos frank. have a happy new years
sounds like Tyler the creator ayy lmao
I love you franku
Your symbolism is astonishing. You are acknowledging the fact that your videos are cancer by smoking cancer. Beautiful
I'm pretty sure that you need to collab with Tyler.
We want real music.
I love u pink guy! :3
I was born in the wrong generation. How about you make real music like Pink Floyd and Nirvana, ugh
this shit is so fucking dope <3
Clicked on this too fast, love you papa •3•
THAT WAS FUCKING DOPE AS FUCK
I see that your video quality is "improving"
HOW YOU DARE SMOKE YOU FUCKING FAGGOT YOURE MY FUCKING FANTASY BBY
Please.
riceball
Kill yourself
I'm amazed by this
proto-Tyler the Creator
is this the deep web?
New favorite Papa Frank video. Giving it it's own playlist.
I'd pay so much money for more of this music
OH YES B0SS, GIMME DE PUSSI B0SS
Fuckin hot.
I still want some joji faggot.
can we start a petition for every song that pink guy/ pink omega / joji or whatever the fucks music goes on iTunes? because I would buy every one.
2016 HiT
not enough dick close ups
you have encouraged me to smoke :)
Another great video, Frank. 
Thanks again, Dr. Sack
this was something else... wow
Zayum nigga
welcum 2 my ass haters haha
cool
#BRINGGEORGEBACK
it reminded me of Tyler the Creator
shave you dirty slut
ey b0s5
everyone is asking, put the album for "pink guy" on spotify
I want to see more Joji, man. It sucked that you had to take down the video that you were in because people didn't like it.
Man, I have to say that you have talent, I'm not joking, I love your music
can i have the beat plz
"Perfect rappers don't exist"
I'm killing myself.
b0ss this is strate fire
That's an expensive camera yo
He's like anti pink guy now.

If you didn't want people to like it, or want to see you do more of it, then you shouldn't have done it in the first place.
pls moar
He can rap, he can sing, he can make sick beats, he's good at video editing, he can speak perfect Japanese, he plays multiple characters & he can make me laugh my ass off. This man deserves to be makin the big bucks.
Sounds like he influenced by Chance The Rapper and Odd Future.
Pink guy has grown a beard.

You know what that means
yo frank smoke some chicken through a bong in your next video it would be fucking sick
Fist me daddy
My phone caught on fire
This guy really knows how to write good ass music
fucking fresh as a deadborn
You're japanese, we get it.
I be stuffin pussy like tuna rice balls
"What is that too rude?" xD
Wait, Pink Guy is wearing Brock Lee's glasses! But, Brock Lee has been missing since Frank started messing with that alien.
*Random Autistic Comment *
Hi 911 yes it's frank again.
hey papafranku where are the gay vlogss?
someone buy him a microwave
hype
It's almost 2016 and you haven't killed yourself yet? You fucking faggot. Ily
Gimme the pussy boss
can I suck your rice balls
eargasm
Hey, b0ss. Gibe the sixty frames pleeasu.
where the soundcloud link @
no
PINK GUY VEVO PLS
this is dope
this was a 10/10
Sounds a little bit like Odd Future.
anAND I DROP MY KIDS OFF AT 

SOCCER PRACTICE EVERY TUESday
SHUPA-KU
WE GET IT BRO YOU FUCKING VAPE
NEW MIXTAPE?
yo this dude is fucking crazy i love it
I'm offended by ur new apartment it's too ghetto
Can we get an instrumental of this?
What is up with the high quality video? Did you buy them new lamps and shit?
Collab with hentai dude
0:27 it's look like it has two moons
Pink omega lol who the fuck calls him that what are you fuckin gay
i don't understand why he's not the radio,he's better than drake and fetty,shit..
It's about time you make a new song
franku in 60 fps, yes please
thought he was cool... Until I realized he used old music from his Pink Guy Dance video... and that he smokes :////////////
Real shit, well shot. Keep up the good work man.
TVFilthyFrankVevo NOW
🔑🔑🔑
I think Frank is a drifter who trades tricks for a place to sleep.
mah boi
um...please do more...make a god damned album
i havent given a shit about hip hop in a few years and this is great
You're actually a God damn pimp.  Love your shit bro, keep it up :)
I might play this at a new year's party to remind my family why I'm single
Love the video and the message Frank, you da real MVP
Fuck the melody on the second part is amazing!!!!! 1:12
Pink guy has changed after he started to smoke
I'd never before realised what a dumpy apartment Frank lived in, jesus.
This track has a kind of Childish Gambino vibe to it. 
That's what I get from it, anyway.
fuck yea franks
U should stop smoking papa, not güd for ur lungs
Need more shit like this !
🔥🔥🔥
give de pussy boss?
Frank people hate you but some of us including me we love you bro lol make a illuminati conspiracy theory video
so..... you're going to give me some of those rice balls or not?
DAMN THIS IS FIRE AS FUCK! I'LL BE LISTENING TO THIS A FEW MORE TIMES
I'm the gay one but Frank's the real fgt
"we wan't joji music"
That is how I make my rice balls too, Frank!
this is actually really good
Video reminds of whoa by Earl Sweatshirt.
I worked at the movie theater for 3 years and heard this song everyday at work. Nostalgic
fucking fire
GIMME DA RICE PAPI
Thanks dad
ohh
Pink omega
Like or get raped by lionmaker
this is fucking wonderful. love the music.
I HAD THE BEAT OF THIS SAVED ON MY PHONE AND WAS HOPING HE'D ADD LYRICS, PLEASE DO MEDICINE NEXT.
yeah omega eat dem rice balllls yeaaaahhh
Clean your oven, boss.
Nooo Pink Guy, did you know that one cigarette smoked reduces your life by 11 minutes? I hope you never die.
I like this... like, a lot
Franku dropped it harder than my mom dropped me when I was a small child.
Omg, make more, holy shit...
Did Pink guy have a beard???
everything involved in this video as such a high level of professionalism, damn son!!!! but i habe da cancer boss!!!!!!!
The fucking talking at the end and the "see you next timeeee~" just put me off so bad. I could feel the cringe in the darkest depths of my asshole.
i have a milky cock
Clean your fucking house you filthy piece of shit.

<3
Love you bro Love you Frank xD
the neckbeard is strong in this one
fucking lit
Fuck the euro trash, we want red dick!
once again you've managed to make a funny yet catchy as hell song, I salute you!
would love another album .
Nice song.  Still waiting for a full version of that "top ramen on the stove" beat.
join ofwgkta
I like this 'fuck everybody' attitude, it was there before but you can tell he's done with everyone's shit
Keith Urban is in the related videos section
>Not wrapping the onigiri in an onigiri rap.
How do I tie a noose?
Thanks for the music, mang. Papa bless.
could u plz fist me as hard as u can (i'm from quebec)
link me the music only fucking retards
Pappa spittin the heat
so good
Senpai: My anus is ready.
Why do you live in a slum
this video was just a prank
0/10 not as gud as far cry 2.
Great vid as ways, keep it up pewdiepie.

Btw, when is the new chin chin sacrifice anime contest going to happen.?
🔥
The Ed wood of youtube ? more like the Orson Welles.
fucking love you frank
Never stop making this glorious music
filthy Frank making smoking cool again.
I'm extremely confused, so I think this video was successful
Rice balls errr day...
I saw this video in my feed and now I'm a fucking shroom fuck you Franku
So.. a ball of rice with tuna in? that's really complicated man
Beat dropped harder than my balls this morning
frank be my husband i love you
Subscribe 2 me frank now xdxdxd
analysis of lyrics: cancer b0ss
wow man twenty one pilots really changed their sound
Our boy pink guy is growing up so fast :,)
HOT
Someone can writes the lyrics pls ??
cool
Lol
Bbbut it's not triangular and seaweed wrapped, like in dem animus. Not cool, m9. Dig da song though.
hell yeah frank you tell em. love this song, I already have it on repeat. love your IDGAF attitude.
finally a new song to rip from YouTube 🔥🔥🔥
If your social security number was your age, how old would you be?
this is my jam
George actually doesn't look that bad to be honest.
instant hit
you are god
#BARS
get high, and listen to this song. trippin major balls right now.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥☀️☀️☀️🔥🔥🔥🔥✨✨✨🚒🚒🚒🚒🕯🕯🕯🕯
most fire mixtape
that moment when filthy frank roasts kids who want his "real music"
Not even gonna meme at this, genuinely great stuff.
all I want for christmas is pink guy posed naked on my bed
HOLY SHIT, THIS IS SO GOOD, REMIND ME OF OFWGKTA
i really need that instrumental at 1:12 :DDDDD
Not my proudest fap.
Make an album please.
b0ssissy
I bet you Pink morph suits are like $1k now lmao
this video inspired me to smoke
How to trigger Frank: "real music please"
wow ur so much like chaildish gamibno XDXDXD like comment subsrice>!?! XDXD DO MORE XCDXD UR SO UNIQUE
frank, I want some crazy-ass firework stunt for new years eve.
Frank... that was legit tight as fuck. 10/10
I dont nead microweyv
<<333 muuuaah!
That's some hot fire man... Next you should make yourself a quality mix tape and kill yourself
sounds a bit like Tyler's Rusty
Nice facedick-hair Frank!
Great Vid, happy new year!
Still better than KSI
Haha, I liked this a lot! Good one.
Papa Franku please notice me <3<3
you own it papa hot fire in this maxtape man remind me of my old days when i was teen mad rap maxtapes what a good lost days
I really, really, really,  like this video.
Guess whos back :) Papa Frank
This better be put on iTunes
daddy
It's Like art and retardation had a child.
Gotta give him props for that highkey call out to his "I want real music" fans.
PHAT BEETZ
Pink Guy should work with Corey Staggers!
Tell pink guy to shave that beard already
I'm glad he finally addressed all the people asking for old Joji back, just let him do what he wanna do, b0ss.
I think Filthy Frank just told us to all go fuck ourselves... right on Papa Franku, right on.
wanna fuck?
Dude thats good sound
Hey..... That's pretty good!
Solid video Franku senpai, hard bars as always. By the way, didn't you say that Pink Guy was NOT PinkOmega?
I'll stop American Horror Story marathon for a while just to watch this new vid :^)
nice slo mo
FRANK ME UP INSIDE
I just opened my pet turtle like a pistachio
Acknowledging that Joji exist? I just came.
The video is so artistic though
I came for free porn, satisfied
Shit so lit I almost burnt myself.
shave them pubes on your face
Wtf is this supposed to be?
I know no one is going to read this but I am a 16 year old fapper and if someone could just give me a chance. I'm trying to make it in the fap game, I'm bringing the real heat nawmsayn check out my mixtape mayne.
noise
We want pink guy ft cal chuchesta
that production value
Those glasses look nice on you
more bars than any rapper out.
OG MC
I want another album whether pink guy or Joji; the beats are fuken dope. keep it up right, dawg. Especially that gourmet cooking, loving those rice ball throwing skills ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
Fuck you frank I don't have fire insurance.
Are you in Germany or Europe ? That building in front of yours looked very European.
instrumental
I really like the way this video was directed wtf
Now THESE, are some fucking tunes I can get down with.
THIS GAVE ME CANCER
By the sounds of these lyrics I think this vid is a call for help. You wanna talk about it Frank? I'll happily convince you to end your life.
So, I'm retarded. What is this video supposed to mean?
edgy af
Bruh.
damn papa
i feel like george is finally one with himself

he's not pink guy, he's not pink omega

he just IS
Tbh I thought Papa Franku would be into into that hipster vaping shit instead of actual cigarettes.
Straight fire!!!!
2:24 he looks like fucking Django
KSI could take some notes from papa franku
"Fuck boys treat my dick like a trampoline" same frank
this is sooo sexy
This is actually one of his tamer videos.
happy new year glorious basterds
man this was sick as fuck do more shit like this
I'd suck his dick.
Good shit
fuck the haterz man do whatever the FUCK you wanna do.
Thanks for the rice ball tutorial
This shit was kind of cool
10/10 ign pucce plz?
marry ME
WHALES
Dude. Your fans are fucked up.
ayy lmao franku
lets watch
Thanks Papa, you cooked my computer
This video is recorded in higher quality than real life.
Memetastic
dats some kendrick lamar shit right dar
Joji or not, it's still some good shit.
Is it sad, or rad that I learned how to cook rice by watching this video?
Well edited
WE WANT JOJI MUSIC XDDD
i immediately got the explosive diarhea shits after watching this
After hearing 1:13 - 1:34 here's my official rap tier list:

4> A Tier: Lupe Fiasco, Jay Rock, Future, Joey Bada$$, ASAP, J.Cole, AB-Soul
3> S Tier: Kendrick, Logic, Nas, Eminem, Mos Def, Rakim
2> GOD TIER: Tupas Biggie

1> FILTHY FRANK TIER: PINK GUY
so hard
Must really fuckin' blow having people trivialize your sound and situation as a musician to suit their own warped fantasies of you.
thoroughly enjoyed this one, what do you use to make your beats i wonder?
Fruity loops?
Omg omg omg. It's Pink Guy. I am in love
good, different, but gooooood shit
Feed me your balls, Franku.
this fucking sucked
PINK-OMEGA-GUY
This video was sick!
This is going straight on the New Year's Eve tunes playlist
RICE BALLS (ACTUAL BALLS) (HUMAN TESTICLES) (GONE MUTILATED) (2015) (GONE SEXUAL) (IN THE WHITE NEIGHBORHOOD) (HE DIED)
Wtf frankfilthy we want real music not this weeaboo onigiri shit...
You chinese fuck
your ancestors worked hard to get u that rice
Fucking Sweet.
Didn't know frank smoked but at least he's Imortal.
ya boi is nice
My favorite frank was the rapping Joji.
Perfect timing. I just finished my noose .
1 like = 1 cigarette saved
How come a bunch of youtubers are trying to be friends with him now? I didn't see this many dick riding faggots when Frank was at 300,000 subs
Keeps gettin better and better BO$$ can't wait to see what you've got for us in 2016! love you so much!
Frank bro keep the fire burning
Please tell me your making another album Franku, please
why doesnt pink guy become a rapper the fuck
We want real music...








Jk jk jk pls don't hurt me
That base drop thooo
will this be available on iTunes
its really sad how the "fanbase" treats Joji, he seems super cool and chill and a great person to be around. He just wanted to make some retarded maymays on the internet and now peoplecant look at him as a normal person, it really sucks. <3 u Joji keep it up u filthy memer.
Thanks for making the videos you make Frank, u smart, u da best, i appreciate you.

Here's to... another one!
Where's the "It's filthy frank mothafucka, it's filthy frank BITCH!" and the "Lets get sum pusi tonite" :'(
I wish you actually made non ironic memerap. Fuck Chance. Fuck Bino. The future's pink nigga.
DJ Khaled should sign you to We The Best music
uncle papa franku
This is awesome , going in my playlist rn.
What the fuck, this is good? FRANK! HOW COULD YOU LET GOOD CONTENT ONE YOUR CHANNEL!?
Put this shit on iTunes faggot <3 u bb
BOOOSSSSSSSSS
amen
w33d
This video inspired me to throw rice balls at my kids at soccer practice
this was fucking fire
fucking sick cunt keep it up
dank memes
I TIP MY FEDORA TO U B0SS
nice i love this shit
pink omega 😂😂
The Piano part kind of sounds like some shit Tyler, The Creator would drop, it's fire 🔥🔥🔥
Fuck you my house is on fire now.
can u suck ian off while max fucks him in the ass?
just don't die joji.
the ending monologue reminded me of a young rick maybe?
2:31 whaaaat D:
b0ss why do you only make 1 video every 2 weeks
ey b0ss
he should get signed
Very similar in style to tyler. Sounds great
Filthy Frank is not my favorite youtube channel
It's my religion
Why aren't you on Spotify yet
I hope you make a new album for 2016 it will be fucking sick!!!!
New pinkguy suit.
Franku's back bb
FIREEEEEEEEE🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💢
OI OI OI
You can see his moose knuckle
This is actually pretty dope haha
That beat.
Cool cat loves you
lyrics plox
Fam you got to get this shit on Spotify
I spread for you master, don't be gentle, I'm not a coward!
I can't decide if I'm sexually attracted or possessed
"Hey, there's this song by ff , but these lyrics and vocal style aren't entirely conventional so it's not real music. I'm going to comment to let him know that it sounded good, but he needs to make real music next time, and it will be amazing"
Hell yeah frank. us og's get this shite
Holy shit this beat fire I've been waiting for this shit
Thats pretty good!
you should do another video about hatter comments
I waited two weeks to here a bomb ass song. Good song filthy frank ( have fun cleaning up that mess)
He's back!
Dope af
Woah. this is fucking art
gibe de n3w aLbUm pLz?
I am sleeping in my own cum.
wtf is this
my niggahs back on it
Pink guy is the Villain in the force awakens
In italy it's 2:26 am.
Why papa franku.
I must sleep.
Fuck off i'll see that video.
So ive traced all the evidence in franks video and just now I realized that frankus base isnt very far from my house....
🍙
Seriously. You could take the music on this channel to the next level. Please don't stop, and possibly make more ;)
pink guy being literally frank at the end. anyway this is one of the best pink guy mixtapes to date. r8 it 100/10
WHERE'S THE REAL MUSIC FRANK? THIS ISN'T REAL MUSIC. WHEN'S THE JOJI ALBUM COMING OUT?! YOU PLAYIN US FRANK! IS THIS A PRANK BRO? ITS TIME TO STOP. FUCK LIL WAYNE AND PINK GUY WE WANT JOJI TO BRING REAL HIP HOP BACK AND DROP A FIRE MIXTAPE.
I missed these raps, good shit Frank.
You played yourself, you are loyal.
I though you were dead XD
<3
Gudang ?
This is what you hyped us for? Yawn
Pink Guy x Tyler The Creator 2016 please
Does Frank actually smoke?
Bring back joji blogs.
nice goatee faggot
Happy new year
Keep makin them memes papa
Hey b0ss
0:24 the rice is already on the window.
I don't know, I am drunk and a little bit high and I thought it was pretty dope.
Peace on Joji.
clean your fucking kitchen
YAAAAS S GOOD <3
Beautiful Lyrics. Amazing Visuals. Fantastic Video.
love the cancer papa franku
This is a pretty good song good job
Pink guy is sexy af when wearing winchester eyeglasses
I m gonna sue u filthyfrank for causing me a third degree burn
Please say you'll upload the instrumental
This sounded like a slight less autistic Tyler the creator song.
THIS IS THE KINDA THING I LIKE AYOO
killer gnarwall
I don't even think Frank smokes for real. he just does it for the video lol
Frank lit af, spitting fire.
franku
it's time to stop
I'm gonna call child protective services
where are your parents
killer gnar
I really like you music.i was just wondering what software you use?
nice
fuc
Is That a new pink guy
what, are you fuckin' gay?
Don't smoke franku you will get the cancer
the what zone?
You rap better than politikz and he brought hip hop back.
I think I just witnessed a man go insane
ayy, that's pretty good & every time you put out a song it is so fucking catchy and shit, seriously how do you do that?
this was great
nice wacky crazy shit bro
Love this 😂😂
my jam
fuck me papa franku
those rice balls things look good.
video length 322
sorry i'm late pops
New best song of 2015
You spit str8 🔥🔥🔥
1080p 60FPS Pink Guy Hip Hop. This is already the best video of 2k16. Danks for lé Dank Memes. xDDDDDDD^^^^^^^^^^^^
1:10 Jesus that PinkOmega on that smooth shit bar filled goodness
This made my anus pleasurably clench. I want more.
Heyyy thanks m8
FRANKU RESPOND PAPA FRANK PLEASE, JOJI!!!!!! REPLY
🔥 🔥
Frank I love you.
I really wanna help you clean your homestead papa.
Nice <3
The bars pinkguy spit is enough to keep my nigger dad in jail {Insert fire emoji}{inserts shrunk meme with fedora}
Let just all agree George can spit fuckin fire
This is art!
420 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Yeah man I'm starting to get annoyed at the Joji music comments too. An artist can produce whatever he or she wants; its his music, not his audiences. He or she is not obliged to make music that pleases their audiences.

Only thing I missed about the old times were the vlogs. They were entertaining and funny. Breaking the 4th wall like that on a channel as 'special' as this one is pretty interesting.
Pink guy album 2??
omg this is perfect... I love this
Stop watching One Piece you fag
My house burned down...
DAM DOOD
Yes Frank, we get it now
You smoke
You are cool now
So far I've spotted 3 youtubers comments. What is this conspiracy
what are you fucking gay?
pink guy's drops are major 🔑 to success
Filthy
Is this on iTunes yet?
sounds like somethin from odd future
Lets get fucking wild in 2016
George stop smoking.
🍙🎵 Let's all go to the lobby! 🎵🍙
The new Gambino mixtape
I swear, both the fucking  video and sound quality rise at an exponential rate with each video. this is some pro level shit senpai!
this is dope
Do what the fuck ever alot of us will still watch it
The man turned God through Memsic
that shit was fire, bro
at first I thought you meant onigiri the game
um .. i'm sorry kind sir , but is that thing at 1:00 necessary for it to be done good ?
Hey Frank, you're an autistic retard.

Happy new year, faggot.
Welcome to the Onigiri field MOTHER FUCKER
lit af 🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Fucking lit👌🏽💯🔥
This is actual fire
FUNNY AND ORIGINAL!!!
Gimme dat おにぎり Pink Guy!
This sorta style reminds me of Tyler, The Creator.

Kinda like it tbh.
I wanna see a qna from you. and your voice sounds good when you tap.
He let's the beat drop like old people with polio
Lovin this 60 fps
That beat change...
papa franku in glorious 60fps
You are dropping rhymes like Malaysian Airlines
Happy New year Franku!!!
Oh I'm Pink Guy I smoke to look cool. I'm like the new-new James Dean.

Careful Papa Franku. Pink Guy gonna give you le quand c'est b0ss.
last time something dropped that hard ww2 ended
My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him,'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately.Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said tome- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 18, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this video gave me cancer anyway.
you can tell he's putting more effort into his videos and at the same time its loosing the fucking random autistic cancer that there used to be, I'm starting to appreciate these videos more
2:37 to the end was the realist shit I've ever his joji/frank/pinkguy/pinkomega/whatever the fuck you want to call him spit. People saying 'We want you to make actual music!!!' How do you think he feels when he puts time and effort into making these and jojifags shit on it for not being 'real'? Keep doing what you're doing man, mad respect.
PINK GUY 2 album?
When the mixtape dropping B0$s. This is Edgy as Fuck 🔥
You're actually so fucking savage, george.

I love how you just come out with that "Fuck all you 12 year olds that think they know me, ill do what I enjoy watch it or don't I don't give a fuck." I love it.

Also, I would love to see some music colabs with gay retard and maxmoefoe, that would be fucking halarious.
This shit actually go hard 😂😂👌🔥
is this classified as Pink 0mega? can't wait for the next album
pink guy needs to shave
what a fucking mess
i got here through 4chan
shoulda had a v8. amirite
OZzom <3 ^^
where do i buy your mixtape?
the blop bleep really took me back to your humble begginings lol
FUck FrANK
Is it bad if I fucking love this?
So an L for leeee, a bashur, and a lion maker, wake into a chucky cheese
I never thought cooking rice can be this sexy, papa franku you always open new fetishes for us
i fucking love u
damn if only I could have some of that rice ;-;
Yo
das a meatball
Did not contain my daily recommended amount of Autism
Rated 2/10 Eminems would masturbate to again
Frankie my lord I offer you a merry Hanukkah hope you have fun with your new oven and happy another year of hell 





I love you <3 Frankoo
While FUCKING JINX HAS ALMOST AS MANY SUBS AS FF!!!!!!! WHAT THE FUCK
Awesome video Frank! Just one of my  favorites.
Bring back JojiVlogs
nyesssss
That was legendary🔥🔥
Thank you
When my phone tells me papa franku made a new video, i feel already scared.
I dont want to watch this, but i know i will.
Why is this happening to me? Why cant i resist?
10/€£¶µ½° not enough lyrical spiritual miracle individual
Lel
This shit is hot garbage! That's a compliment btw
Thought this was fallout for a second
Frank seriously this went hard as fuck.
drop beats faster than memes
CLEAN YOUR FUCKING KITCHEN, B0SS
You change locations every month like jesus. Something you not tellin' us?
1:10 sounds so much like something tyler the creator would write
i just came
nice donger daddy
your speech at the end of the video kind of reminded me of how Rick Sanchez talks from Rick and Morty.
One of your best!
First
FIREEE
This beat dropped harder then my infant son
Bring back jojivlogs please
Better than todays rap. 10000x better.
Chef.
Uuuuugh 60fps Frank makes me feel so weird.
i feel like the the start of the vid came out of fallout 4
Am I the only one who thought of zoro when I saw the title?
I was born in the wrong generation, I am 43 and I still enjoy this type of music! Frick the oldies music, this is real art
I'd pay hella money for an extended piano instrumental, or the whole song, whatever you give us daddy.
dude this guy isnt even a rapper but he still better than that fake cunt ksi who tries to rap haha cmu
Fuck yes!
🔥🔥😞🙏🏼THAT SLO MO WAS FIRE🔥🔥🔥🔥
babe.
beutiful :^)
Ｆｉｒｅ
Ahhhhh
I'm a HUGE filthy frank fan.... So this kinda hurts to say this... But... Papa franku's raps arnt as good as they used to be.... PLEASE DONT KILL ME!
George, im loving your beats, is there a compilation of them all anywhere?
That was actually really fucking dope, like seriously George this was fucking awesome. Get this shit on ITunes!!!!
OCEANMAN KEEP IT GOING
just b urself
MAD FIRE NIGGA
better than eminem.
Are you a sperm?
Marry me.
Remember guys, from the serircha shrimp episode, this Frank we have been seeing is an imposter! And this pink omega?! Fuck that! Where Frank? Where's Pink Guy?! You fucking monster!
Best pink guy rap yet.
and did you get a new camera cuz damn the quality of the shots  pink guy in the bath at 1:22 where to realistic .
lit as hell
Holy fucking shit i love you :D! (no homo)
Hey...That's pretty good!
Frank always dropping fire.
Did you have a fucking film director cause this video editing is goddamn awesome!
"Real" or "fake", this is so lit. Love anything you put out, in and out of character.
E D G Y
D
G
Y
Frank is getting bitter dude. You can tell he's just done with all our bullshit. He may downward spiral soon until he just hates everything about us and youtube.
BRING BACK JOHNSONBLOGS
Bruh put this on iTunes
that monologue at the end killed me.
MMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMmMMMMmMMM you can see his dick at the beginning :'0
This song is hella dank
dank video m8 but whens the free blow jobs?
Bleep Blap Prod Baby
Fucking gold.
pINK OMEGA
Why do,you smoke in every video now bro 😂
we love you, joji.
Bettee than ksi lmao
More Fire then then holocaust
Smetimes coemnnts here are bettr thn 4chan lol
I waited for this?
Since when was frank in 60fps? Not complaining, now I'll be able to get cancer from a video that's smooth af.
Welcome to the [??]-dome, the upper echelon
Investing all these large balls
I got these pussy bitches wailing like the Japanese
Killer whales, humpbacks, and these narwals
I'm just tryin' to strangle these fuckers [x2]
I'm just tryin' to strangle these
This the beat beeblop, make the beat flop
Breathin' more kush in than the seat got
So we got, the beat drop
Harder than your son's balls at 12
Not to mention that we harder than Viagra with the big cock
I'll fuck you in the mouth again
I'll let you know I'm a schizo, I be hearin' shit
So don't be fuckin' me 'cause bet your ass I'm hearin' it
When I get done with you, you bet your ass you're celebate (eww)
Fuck your dog I can smack E.T.
And I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe (what is that too rude?)
I'm a fucking a nuisance, with different types of abuses
I'm runnin' up in the premises helpin' you tie your nooses
'Cause all of you fucks are clueless and do not know how to do this
I act retarded on stage then put my fingers in pusses
Like oh [x2]
Oh [x2]
Yo, I fuck around for money like a cam whore
Jerkin' to my titties pop it off like some gay shit
I fight your dad in the parking lots
And or beat their fuckin' teeth in 'cause they raise shit
(You sound like, "I never spank my kids and I raised a piece of shit and I my kids off at soccer practice every Tuesday")
Yo, this one's for the folks that be dead inside
Mini golf champion you got no drive, playa
Fuck bois treat my dick like a trampoline
I only work with paper like a fax machine
I'm on the car's hoods screaming like a mammal
Rippin' through the flannel [???]
Burn on [??] my chest with the camels
I'm here to be an act not a role model
Don't be fuckin' crying when I'm smashin' your kid with a bottle
I'm just chillin' making rice balls, eeryday
I'm a simple man, I don't need a microwave
I don't need a microwave [x4]
'Cause I'm already heated (that's not funny)
(autistic crying)
You actually smoke man? Doesn't really matter to me, just curious
fire
this flow is so fucking good man
I never thought that watching pink guy in 60 fps would be so amusing.
Need to collab with PolitikZ with the Z
I really want George to make a real YouTube account, where he does skits and blogs with his real self, (go ahead and call me a "Joji fag", loser) I love FilthyFrank, but it's just weird that it seems as if Filthy Frank, Pink Guy, Salamander Man, Chin Chin is who he really is, how he acts at home and with his friends when they're not shooting videos. It's odd, but this song was great, amazing song, b0ss
Lyrics?
Would be cool if we had your music on spotify or some shit like that.
it's lit
pink omega damn dude you got pink o-meta
FUCK but that was good, both the song and the video. Keep it up, proud of you.
God damn, this shit straight fire.
When the fuck you gon get signed to a record label, bruh?
His fire rhymes can melt these beams
touch my bung hole
parece um pornô
imma spiritual lyrical miracle individual
I don't need a microwave
I luvs you papa franku. 😍
huh... my balls caught fire while watching this... is that supposed to happen?
I think joji is getting sick of having to act retarded to have people actually watch him. a while back he actually made a video explaining that he's a person and needs to be known. people said they didn't care. they wanted filthy frank. he took down the video and continued to be "filthy frank" to make the people happy.
so rad. excited for more of your shit nigger faggot :)
Franku stop smoking u less u want cancer
This is the first frank video I've watched in 5 months. I can say I'm glad I didn't watch him for so long. His fanbase is literally shit. Even worse than the last time I watched. Sorry frank but this is cancer.
pussy b0ss
I'm feeling a strong 8 light 9
No filthyfrank motherfucker outro? What is this?
thank you based god
smoking some dank koosh frank?
new album on the way?
that was actually pretty good
Wait was this meant to be pink omega? Is that channel not used any more?
Pink guy isnt funny anymore
26MIN AGO.....and im still fucking late.
Reeeel meeewwwsssiccc plllzzzz pink
Is this shit on Spotify
fuck yes
Frank for president
So many new "unique" profile pictures incoming.
people love fetty wap but george is ten times better should get an emmy like eminem did for lose yourself
LONG LIVE FRANK! LONG LIVE PINK GUY!
Clean your stove, ffs.
So faggot, when will you be releasing the chef rap?
this is what memes will do to you kids
Sick ass Beat B0ss
Best cooking video ever.
This is simply orgasmic
Damn should I call a firefighter cause this fire is too good.
S A D  B O Y S
this could pass for earl sweatshirt music
Lil B dropped his Mixtape!!!!!
Very Tyler, the Creator-esque in some parts, love it!!!!!
i got a house fire
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
The irony is that this song is acually kinda good...
10 secs in heavy breathing intensifies
The beat are noice and all, but shit man. Clean your fucking place.
Gross ass Nip.
I'm glad to see you back at it papa, you're a very talented piece of shit.
I hope you're not serious about smoking George, but nevertheless awesome video! Good job!
Rice Cooking Skills Alpha as Fuck.
What is this shit? I want real music
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😥😥😥😥😥😰😰😰😰
papa bless
Shit just made my day
luv u papa
Frank, smokers are jokers.
hearing jojis realish voice again oml
Evidence Joji no longer gives a shit
Pure fire m8, bigger than me + 9/11 fire.
that beat was actually dope ngl
It's strong 5/7
This is the shit! Keepup the great work Frank
FUck this rap is actually better than usual
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES
I just witnessed Franks real voice! ohh fuck yes
mixtape
This was fucking fire!
My new ring tone, thank you b0ss
Welp, that escalated so quickly that when an elevator watched this it started going sideways
just a song? disappointing, u cant rap brah
ngl that was actually fuckin catchy
Haha
The beat change at 1:12 is actually the dopest shit
eh
Papa franku growing goatee or what
Pinkguy has such a beautiful voice.
I agreed with your rant at the end. putting labels on "real" music vs I guess "goofy" music(?) is retarded. music is music, you do what you do best you're still gonna have fans that enjoy it.
pinkguy is top tier husband material
LETS ALL GO TO THE LOBBY!
First!
that last part talking about people bitching for real music was awesome! do what you want man it's your channel
I'm adding this to my fav jams playlist.
卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐the symbols of love and peace have arrived 卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐卐
pappa frank have u got the 1million sub play butten yet? if so can we see it in a video?
this shits bumpin
I swear to chin chin that i woke up like  and went right to your channel and saw it just uploaded
60fps. Oh Jesus. I didn't know I wanted this.
I hate my generation
60fps. Oh Jesus. I didn't know I wanted this.
Right on, I've been waiting for some new shit like this since Red Omega dumplings
Top 5 rappers:
1.Pink Guy
2.Eminem
3.Slim Shady
4.B Rabbit
5.Marshall
First
Great moves Joji, keep it up. Proud of you.
real music and fake music , pink guys supa hot fire mixtape and lil wayne's shit .
Pink Guy's feet are filthy.
You fucking delivered... PRAISE THE LORD, or no, Joji 👊
Fuck yeah. Good Fucking job sir papa Franku, I would love to see you as Joji/George again but ok just do what you will. You are fucking awesome and I love your work pls keep doing it the way that only you know how to. 

Ps: Loved that huge "FUCK YOU" in the end of the song, right into those "Real music lubers/ kids who cant separate Frank from Joji " ass.
god damn, I promised my self not to fap today and I see this video, smh
dankness on point 10/10
The one and only rap God
also, I like how 30% of the comment section is like:
"WHY THE FUCK IS HIS APARTMENT SO DIRTY?"
like... really?
well that was a disappointment
This is surprisingly Amazing
Filthiest rap of the year, yo.
and that my children is sex
Meh
Eating pussy like confetti 
See me swerving through the city 
All my niggas be vaping 
Mom's spaghetti
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Frank-senpai, you fucking legend.
you're a rap God faggot
When did Franku take up smoking?
FEED ME JOJI YOU FUCK
HOLY FUCK I WASNT EXPECTING THIS SHIT GOD DAMN 🔥🔥🔥
You should do a collab with DJ Khaled
Plis Pinku Manu, more dope shit.
Who wants to start a flame war?
musica do meu toq de chamada
Pink Guy OG Dropping the dopest dope
Does frank actually smoke?
Fucking fire  🛀🔥🔥🔥
Oh shit
franku your meme quality has deteriorated consider suicide
REAL HIP HOP!! FUCK LIL WAYNE!
Press 7 repeatedly. 

Thank me later.
based
Caaaaan somebody give me the complete lyrics?
Fuck the joji fans lmao
ash rice nigga
i love that feeling when you know there's a new Filthy Frank video.
ey b0ss i want real joji back
god its 2am and im here watching papa franku
time well spent
jungle boy pt2??
You are god
Exhilarating
I love the style b0ss <3
Fuck yes I was just listening to all of your raps today wishing for more of this fire shit, and that camerawork was awesome too
you smoke?
fuuuuuck this is good
"Why is his apartment so dirty" look at his fucking channel name.
Fuck you Frank my house is on fire now
Tbh you'd be an amazing rapper
Lol RICEBALL nice title 😂
well, this didn't help me at all.
Shave your fucking neckbeard you autistic gook


P. S.  I love you dad
hey

sorry for my bad english
Do you actually smoke?
2/10 ign no weaboo trash
Another awesome vid but its just such a shame he smokes
k
sick ass rap b0ss
Yo, stop smoking even if it's part of the fun.
nice
60 fps is fucking BEAUTIFUL
10 times better than KSI
FilthyFrank is not a YouTuber, he's a lifestyle.
wow you are a genius. great video
At least it's better than KSI
Could... I have your microwave?
Onigiri/Origi
+TVFilthyFrank Have you seen the movie called "Chef" which is directed by Adam Sandler?
I like that dis at the end.
OH MY GOD IS THAT JOJIVLOGS?!!!
don't know y but I get a Mac miller vibe when he raps
Great song, b0ss!
This beat makes me filthy
Dude make another album
NYYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
#pleased
This was ovary popping intensity
Jesus Christ! shave your fucking goatee! great music video doe
Dats some guud chikuun
everyone secretes gelatinous goodness when Filthy Frank raps.
fuck yeah! this shit is great✌😍👌
Is he on drugs (btw im not a hater I LOVE filthy frank)
Ur aids
better than ksi
That attention to the details, filmed like a fuckin' pro !
I know where I'm gonna see this tomorrow
Straight up, Frank could go far if he actually tried in rapping.
Bring joji vlogs back who agreed ?
Damn that rice is nice
ok.
Malcom in the middle best anime
A real club banger if I do say so myself
no one cares m8 like salamanderman dies in the force awakens great!
you made me burn my fucking Cinnamon buns you faggot
wow. this is actually fire.
Daddy
OH SHIT MY DAY JUST GOT A  WHOLE LOT FILTHIER
RIP all Joji fans.
this isnt bad lol
I MISS JOJI MUSIC ISN'T REAL MUSIC WTF JOJI VLOGS PLS JOJI REEL MUSIK PLEASEWA JOJI VLOB
1:12 The "moment of clarity", breaking the flow of the tune, is the most human I could see George being in Pink Guy's character. 
Degeneracy can be amusing as an act, but hurts people when they exist naturally with an inflated ego, addictions and senseless ramblings. 
Who the fuck asks George for real music? All of his music is real.
MAN FUCK DRAKE, HIS SHIT IS CORRUPT!
this is real music when you clutch that ooze, baby.
who's first?
fuckin dope.
can i get your recipe
Congratulations on 1,5 million you fat asian fuck.
Inb4 322
If frank doesn't put his music on spotify I will piss blood
moms spaghetti
I have nothing to add to this comment section
Heyyy, that's pretty good.
I don't need a microwave... Cause I'm already heated 🔥🔥🔥🔥
l i t e r i n o
It's weird hearing his actual voice, like his filthy voice is all i hear when i see his ugly mug, its off putting to hear something that actually sounds human coming out frank's mouth. Love you, you filthy bastard!
Can't die of lung cancer cuz of succumbing to Internet cancer first
Frank drop rap bombs harder than fat man and little boy
Frank please upload more often i need more reasons to snort asbestos.
Beat goes Hard
Instructions unclear got dick stuck in microwave
So much fya it blew my phone up
George droppin dem bars keep it up man
i have a gay nigger faggot in my ass
Kermit says "This shit is dope nigga"
Pink Guy is my spirit animal.
Been watchxin this 4 2hours strait
are the cigarette ashes required to make rice balls, or is that just a personal preference?
The only thing that has changed is that you started smoking..... fucking piece of shit cancer fuck. jk luv u papa
TJC Destruction, I cause a huge disruption
You try to butt in but you're not in the discussion
Rushin to get my name out till they're screaming and I'm crushin
Till I got a whole family of followers to back me and the money means nothin

If you ever met me I was a nice guy and a shy voice 
You got to know this sound is passion and never just noise
So many forget their blessings throw them away treat them like a toy
I will focus on making music like I'm making a man out my boy
PAPA FRANKU
BRBR HUEHUE
Damn bro, this was really edgy. And not in a semi-ironic way, either. Cool song, though.
Damn son B)
Hey, that's pretty good!
I feel like Joji got high/drunk and threw his body into the shower that's why the wall behind him is fucked up
Thanks filthy.
Blaze weed m9
Where can I buy this, tho?
I think it's clear this is directed to the faggots on all the Joji beats videos writing fucking speeches about how they support Joji and want him to make his own decisions, when I think it's been make clear, this is what Joji wants to do.
I'm the 8.888th like...
...Cool.
I really needed another jam, thanks G
what joji music ?
first
Frank you smart. Matter o fact you a genius. Don't eva play yo self.
<3
I love you Frank<3
L O B B Y
Very dopamine my good friend. Real nigga talk at the end.
1:54 5 minutes into Pink Guy and Chill and he gives you this look...
🔥✌ My chromosomes level just went up dramatically.
This actually goes hard as fuck
you'll cowards don't even make rice balls
Franku you need to get your shit on Spotify
your videos are like the fallout series they don't come out very often but when they do BUCKLE UP MOTHER FUCKER.
Frank continuing to use the slo-mo cam to it's best effect.
fist
Our father who art in heaven.
Do you plan to drop hot shit on PinkOmega in 2016 ?
A lot of us would would really enjoy it.
Anyway good shit you have here.
🔥🔥🔥 unexpected fire 🔥🔥🔥
Fucking amazing.
When did pinku get pubes on his chin.
ilysm b0ss
This made me hard
already downloading this to my playlist
I'm kind of sad joji is dead, he laid some fat beats. RIP homie. But hey, at least TVFilthyFrank is just as good.
That beat tho ...
Very impressive. Encore, Mr. Frank
Normal fags made joji do this.
10/10 mixtape would burn again
Fire
this was such a good song the beat stepped out of my speakers and pimp slapped me across the ass
great video Frank! loved it and keep up the good work. Excited to see what you have you have to offer on 2016. :)
my life is cool now .... fuck yeah
I'm so fuckin gay for you dude
Post on pinkomega
swag money 420
HOW TO MAKE RICE BALLS (GONE SEXUAL) (GONE WRONG)
This vídeo its Fucking beautiful
Chill b0ss you don't wanna burn anybody with that.
papa just pissed on all those joji's fanbois face
Who glued those pubes to your chin?
Sick beets, broskiwolski.
PINK GUY IS PINK OMEGA CONFIRMED
Can you put the lyrics? My english is pretty bad and I hardly understood half of the song
Dank
there is no such thing as serious music.....
PRAISE CHIN CHIN
Noiiiice
Even though this song is making fun of people who like pink guy songs i still like it
but i thought that beat was reserved for the joji album
Can I cosplay  Pink Guy? I'd like to buy your cosplay.
I am surprised he even would reference the people crying over wanting the old jojimusic stuff back or people were still bitching over that
H
Where can we download these, man?
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
why is his house so filthy
Han Solo dies
FILTHY
thats actually really good i like it
That's Really good Shit
This is what I want to see going into  16
maybe the best
The most dank shit I've ever watched. Looking forward to 2016 man
Pink guy didn't say "hey bosssss" ......... damn
make a video of best of filthyfrank 2015
Blazin.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUUUUUUUCK YEEEEEEEEAAAAHHHHHH
Filthy Frank with them bars 🔥
Pink Guy makes rice Balls and raps
did chin chin produce this because this shit godlike
pink guy dances beat, hah you used it!
Nice ee!
Fuck you
What the Fuck did I just see?
immediate erection where do I get this in stores? they should be playing this shit in piano bars.
tf did I just watch?
holy shit
Franku is the next E-Dubble
This camera has better quality than my eyes.
PURE FIRE
PINK GUY ALBUM 2 PLS
papa franku teach me your ways
your the only thing that keeps me from killing myself.
This is really well produced.
Man I'm sharing this with everybody I know. This is good classic fun and its the rap is fire. First time I can be publicly proud of you Papa. You deadass inspired me today to start making some music just to enjoy myself. Your fucking beats remind me of nujabes. Fucking hell man I cant believe I respect a such a faggot. The end was fucking beautiful. god damn.....
Suprised your flat didn t burn .... cuz that shit is on FIRE
please b0ss, never take out the "it's filthy frank muthafucka"
And to think they said I couldn't learn to cook with this channel. They said its too dangerous. FUCK THE SYSTEM!!!
Actually extremely well done
this lit my cup of water om fire
Man your house sucks.
papa franku at his finest ladies and gentlemen.
ey b0ss?
Have you seen chef?
lyrics? I want to sing this to my mom.
Big ups homie
This made me sad.
gay and fake
Dude fuck
Nice popoo my brother.
Nigga I had to spice up yo face ugly ass bitch muthafucka
I saw this in class today and while I was listening to it I clamped on to my desk as hard as I could and screamed 
OH FUCK YES.
i have a feeling frank will slowly start to make more videos either featuring or involving his actual self. you can tell he really cares about his audience and is determined to create things for us. but he also doesn't care for people that aren't supportive of new ideas that he has. he does what makes him and the true fans happy. so i really believe him when he says it will be an awesome 2016. thanks b0ss
Omg this is beautiful
nice real music, pink omega
His final commentary kind of reaches my heart, makes me sad
I came
Pink guy dropping the fiya
this is what happens if ChinChin didn't make any sacrifices 

but for real George you are doing some amazing shit keep on the good work and do whatever the fuck you want
this shit goes harder than a klonopin buffet nigga
You clearly weren't bombed enough
wait... he wasn't trying to stay in character. Could it be... JOJI IS BACK!!!
Now everybody, let's all take a moment to thank our lord and savior, Chin Chin, for presenting us with such a master of music.
Let's all go to the lobby to get ourselves a treat.
Joji (think that's what they call you.) , I don't care about the characters you act out in these videos ya they are funny to the viewer, seeing someone be stupid and upload it shit I'll watch it. Just hope you having in mind if you don't like doing this shit I support you. Take care! oh and college is a pain in the ass hope you're cramming in time to study.
Does your parents watch your videos? If so what on earth do they think of you?
Pink Guy has a beard now....
lmao he just dissed the people asking for the joji miller side of the FF community at the end
It's lit 🔥🔥🔥
That Joji bit was SAVAGE bruh
why does filthy frank try so hard to be chinese when hes white, it reminds me of every weeaboo out there, gg
Oh boy, the 12 year old's are gonna love this.
Did you just say "mem"? (Meme) Nice balls.
he can cook he can dance he can rap like god theres something more that he need, i dont think so.
is pink guy getting handsome or do i have problems ?
RICE GIVES YOU CANCER FRANK!! STOP!!
fake
I legitimately think that George just came out and said that this whole time people have been asking for real music when that's what he's been doing.
Let's show this to Jessica Nigri and call her onigri hehehe
he's evolving guys
Don't even have to watch video to like it ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
ey boss 3 weeks only 3 minute video wtf
I love the vids but jezz your house is dirty asf lmao
pussy
Japanese Tyler the creator
pink guy droping bombs like palestin
They grow up so fast.
Early Comment!!!!!! :D
ima play this when im jacking off having sex playing games and joing to jail after terrorizing a preshcool
I needa tell a girl I'm texting that she's boring af, how do I tell her politely. What would Senpai Franku do?
this beat goes harder than my dad
I believe there have been several universal and psychological truths revealed in this visual masterpiece. I'll just need a joint to assist me in discerning these ultra dense lyrics.
I MISSED THIS, YOU SICK FUCK!
b0ss
bars??? o;
This is dope.
daddy af
Frank got bars 💯💯🙌🔥🔥💥💥
Quality dawg
nice
Follow your dreams,
S O N
Africa in rice balls could've eaten those kids.
This song gave me a cancer
I can hear the Rick and Morty influence in your voice in that monologue at the end.
ily daddy
does frank feel uncomfortable talking in his proper voice
du-te ma culca-te
That's some wacky Oniggery man.
pls.
lmfao IL fuck u in the mouth again
I can feel swag mixed with some autism
After watching this video I developed a yeast infection. Thanks FF
Love you dad!
This drops hard af.
i love it
Fucking tune mate!
wtf that was fucking good man gr8 job
Onigiri Zoro's special attack
Frank, stop trying to sell me your mix tape!
YES
Everyone just got told to fuck off
please put your songs on itunes it would be a blessing🙏🏽
Who tf makes your beats? They're always so good lmao
Can i habe a rice ball pls?
Primeiro Brazileiro
My penis cannot get erect enough!!!
I got so into it that now I'm hungry...
Fuck.
Franku, you better stop smoking fam, slow suicide ain't good
Fuck yeah!!!! finally got my fix
I love you papa
i lov u joji <3
If this nigga would make serious rap he'd drown in so much pussy tbh
(not implying he doesn't already)
What about the time green screen thing?
This beat takes me back.
joji album pls.
Pinky g in da muthafukkin house yo.
First LilB drops a tape and now this? What a good ending to 2015
This is some good shit
SO MUCH SWAG!!!!
I came all over my fucking screen when I saw this in my feed. Now I get to lick it up. Thanks, Frank!
A message to the autistic fanbase par excellence at the end of the video. 2deep4u
Who's the rapper?
this sick af
I just love your songs and everything cuz ur studio is with 2much gangstas and shits, noice weed here, u smoke some dank cocaine in this video, maybe ur using some rice in ur ass? Idk, tell me.
Ey b0ss fuck u mang
2:36 - 3:01 Easily the best part.
such a good shit, you fucker. fucking love you, b0ss!
is this vaporwave
i lost a chromosome watching this sulyikyudgmh sgsm,hgjk,m
beautiful
Lit 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Respect fam this is legit
You filthy best rapper alive motherfucker!!!!
frank stop being a bitch
I really thought he was going to talk about the RPG onigiri xD
I don't think I've ever been more erect in my life. If this shit lasts for more than 4 hours, I blame you Papa Franku you beautiful motherfucker.
Got my popcorn ready.
I wish franku didn't smoke :(
I need lyrics for this one <3
I'm glad frank has finally been diagnosed by cancer, pink guy will take over his channel now in only a few days. See you in heaven papa, say hi to Lemmy for me.
Most song of 2015
Was the lip synching a little or is it just me?
i was waiting so long for you to use this beat in a rap
Less than 1000:1 like:dislike ratio






Spankey Doodley
Finally a new song! it's amazing to see how good you can produce music man, I hope you can grow even more the next year :)
b0ss
"mini golf champion, you got no drive" 🔥
What the hell happened to pink guy?!
Lit as fuuuck
Papa Franku is my spirit animal, but Pink Guy is my lover
Damn those rice tuna balls look real good
Awww yissssss

I needed my fix of beats about food and shit.
this cunt is fried as fuck
he has the most beautiful voice 😍
who ever doesn't like this...u scare me  (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
You're like the aussie and asian kendrick lamar.
#bringbackjojivlogs
Who was the producer? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
franku can we be friends? i want you to teach me the fire raps
This beat is fucking nasty as fuck especially when the chords came in I almost lost my shit 🔥
Is this pinkguy's real voice omfg
good I thought you we're dead.
Sure, you all might have a super cool style and really slick lyrics, but I bet you squinty eyed highlighters are still using FL studio.
I FUCK YOU WITH A RADIATOR PIPE!
i masterbate to your videos
Moar! Gimme moar!!
b0Ss, hey b0Ss fuck you man
BARS
Frank/Joji, spitting fire as per usual, and this year seems to have been great for your show and your music.  Do you have anything planned for next year?
hab u seen a mixtape pls?
George's way of saying "fuck your 4th wall" and "fuck the Joji over Pink Guy raps kinda people" at the same time. Keep it up dude, these get better every time!
Gotta, gotta, gotta swipe it left.
ai limão
Franku hitting us with some straight up fire. I am not worthy Papa
Tyler, The Creator Feel
dat 60fps
this kinda like a Tyler The Creator music video
Sexu Franku. Yum!
you seem blacker since the last time we met
That rice looks amazing.
I know I should... But why can't I bring myself to unsubscribe to this guy?
I can Fap to this
lol he talk about how y'all b asking for joji 
idc care what he do he's pretty cool either way
Why is that the title
Hottest album 2015 prank gone sexual is just a prank bro!
last time i came this early is when i found frankus channel for the first time and masturbated into a dead relatives sock...
you do realize you're just turning in to all the "edgy fags" you used to make fun of? This isn't really badass or funny, just kind of stupid now.
SHIT NIGGA. Papa Franku u make the best musics(and omelettes)
Video starts at 0:00 in case you missed it
I love you papafranku
Its Pink Guy-Sama!
WEEBS EVERYWHERE... OH GOD
Greatest year for hip hop this millennium. Keep dropping that dank shit, Franku.
The beat goes hard and my dick goes harder.
this was amazing 😂
45k views in 15 mins, Nigga u made it.
FRAAANKK <3
THIS BEAT GAVE ME AN ERECTION FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 4 YEARS
Just fucked a 11 y ol' girl while watching that shit
I hope you catch feminism you fucking skank
That shit is lit
Fucking loved the commentary in this video, and what he says is true, what the fuck IS fake music? Also funny video (which is always nice).
Wow nigga this was shit; have you even seen chef?  0/10





YOU JUST GOT PRANKED!
That fucking roast of those rabid joji fans. Nice work fam. Keep the good shit up, bro
Wow Frank never thought you could get more shitty, but you prove me wrong every time.
Jesus his place is trashed, papa have been busy I see
Has Modern Art gone too far?
Papa Franku I love your videos (in the wrong way) but this one was total shit (also in the wrong way).
There is no way my balls could hold the amount of semen I just ejaculated while listening to this song.
Better than Gandhi am I right?
Nice apartment Frank!
3:00 I have a foot fetish now
BRING JOJI VLOGS BACK IN 2016 PLZZZZZ!!!!
Just contracted ear and eye ebola
EDGY
Fire 🔥AF you should make more videos 😊
So hype for the next album whenever it happens, i need the full track from the end of Jungle Boy Pt.2 in my life.
This was awesome
ey b0ss, new year hair cake pls
my dad left me
pink guy and pink omega fused into pink omegay
I will sacrifice my left tit if Filthy Frank responds to this 🌚👌
is this chef
FILTHY FRANK AND LIL DICKY
That monologue tho real shit
I love your style of comedy and shit. Reminds me of the Eric Andre show. Also I'm a rapper to0! "I'm a lyrical mythical racial killer of rhymes" - cha'boy Ice Nigga Brrrr
best
this is actually something I'm okay with. I'm proud to be a filthy frank fan boy. I won't deny it. you're fucking hilarious and every single one of you're videos makes me laugh so hard. thanks joking pink omega pink guy frank the whole fucking crew. you do that shit and you do it good son
These raps are amazing.
This made me want to hang myself.
Dude this was fucking dope as fuck, more of this please.

Edit: Could you fix a download link please because the mp3 to youtube quality is almost as shitty as people who think they're edgy for liking FilthyFrank even though he has 1,5 mil subscribers.
eyy boss can I habe de rise bawl?
you're literally my religion papa Frank
Yes pls
fgt
Ummmm... K.
Pinky guy burned my fucking house down again
Ummmm... K.
Ayo Pink Guy make more fire like this because you're becoming my favorite musical artist very fucking quick
dadddyyyyyy
<3
BR PORRA
At least he has the self awareness to know his music is shit.
sounds like old odd future
oh my god. i disgustingly loved it
Those rice balls looked tasty as fuck man
I'll fuck you with a radiator pipe
I never been so excited to see a YouTube  notification in my whole YouTube life
My chair broke while I was watching this, #Pray4Hitler
dope beat m8
I've never seen someone open a tuna can this redardedly
YESSSS
XDDD
reminds me of shit from handsome boy modeling school.  Too bad cool keith and dan are still not around.
F I R E
0:46
Clean your stove you dirty fuck
a nigga is having fun, why everyone riding his dick for?
Are you going to release another full album Franku?
Joji terrifies me sometimes. CAN I HABE CLEANER PLS BAWS
What an autistic faggot
I'd love pink guy to finger my rice ball.
my mixtape is so hot it turns ice right into steam... its not hot it is as cold as dry ice :{
omg frank/George why are u so amazing 😃 keep doing what u so 👍 u make me luagh so hard I cant even breath thanks for making me laugh have a good day ☺💙
Papa franku pls notice me
Bring back jojivlogs !!1!!11!!
PINK GUY COOKS ONIGIRI-CHAN PRANK 2015 69+ (GONE SEXUAL) (GONE B0SSY) (GONE CHEF) (COPS CALLED) (GIBE DE PUSI B0SS) (RIP DADE) (CHIN CHIN SACRIFICE)
bRO YOU EQ'ED THOSE PIANOS SO FUCIGN WELL IM DYING
new favorite kpop song
George 'Joji' Miller back ayy
bino vibes
Papa san notice me please or Chin Chin will rise once more..
damn the fucking feels man
I fucKing CaMe dUde.
Sup fam
WE WANT JOJI MUSIC
Why are you smoking faggot?
using this in twisted murder
no christmas special?
WHEN IS NEXT PINK GUY ALBUM OMFG
Franku <3
Nice pubic hair on ur face, gives me a gaint fucking boner.
yes!!! a rap vid
322
Filthy Frank in 60fps. Glorious.
i love you
Are you Jesus??
El Lobby b0ss has a cancer
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT THAT A WHITE BOY WOULD BRING HIP-HOP BACK?
10/10 Amazing content - IGN
The beat sounds like jonwayne made it
Spittin' fire. Bitch best be releasing yo next mixtape soon
hey thats pretty good
Bring back jojivlogs
Mini golf champion you've got no drive, nice nice.
Pink Guys Rice looks suburb
I love you
Yay
10/10 10/10 best film best film
But... but WE WANT REAL JOJI MUSIC!!! 
wtf is this piece of shit! KILL ME!!!
Wait isnt onigiri a game?
Thanks for teaching me how to make rice balls.
them slo-mo's hitting top quallity there b0ss
I missed you Joji
put this track on your bandcamp pls.
My finger just immediately just clicked on the new TVFilthyFrank video notification.
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀█░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀░▄▀░▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▄▀░▄▀░▄▀░░░▀▄░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░█▀▄░░░░▀█░▄▀░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░
░░░▄▀▄░▀▄░▀▄░░░░▀░░░░▄█▄░░░░▀▄░░░
░▄▀░░░▀▄░▀▄░▀▄░░░░░▄▀░█░▀▄░░░░▀▄░
░█▀▄░░░░▀▄░█▀░░░░░░░▀█░▀▄░▀▄░▄▀█░
░▀▄░▀▄░░░░▀░░░░▄█▄░░░░▀▄░▀▄░█░▄▀░
░░░▀▄░▀▄░░░░░▄▀░█░▀▄░░░░▀▄░▀█▀░░░
░░░░░▀▄░▀▄░▄▀░▄▀░█▀░░░░▄▀█░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░▀▄░█░▄▀░▄▀░░░░▄▀░▄▀░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░▀█▀░▄▀░░░░▄▀░▄▀░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄░▄▀░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░█░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
What happened to the old characters eyy b0ss??
omg this was amazing
Cum efficiency: 110%
HAN SOLO NO!!!
I have waited a very long time for this video.
So cancerous! I loved it!
tfw frank gets a new camera
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL RAP
10/10 would fuck
Frank this Shit was complete flames my nigga
I bet this PinkOmega retard has a soundcloud too, what a faggot.
those rice balls sooo beautiful how do you make?
I wonder what Pink Guy puts in his onigiri
what is that thing he adds to the rice and water? that pepper like container what is in it?
omfg thank you based rice field gods for this christmas gift
Happy 130th video fgt

Now kys
remember this beat from 2013 xD
Ffs George go to rehab
I know when that YouTube bling
Have you got a budget yet? this is some high quality shit right here - no really, this is absolutely awful (top notch, genuine electrifying, Earth-shattering, fantastic) viewing. Well done, you've earned a gold star to put on the special chart. 

For srs though this is great. If that dying, flickering glimmer of a human soul still exists  in the cold, piercing dark eyes of Pink Guy then good job on the video. If not then well, thanks for the cancer bro.
Han Solo dies
yo
happy 2016 frank cheers!
I feel strangely aroused.
It's things like these that make me wonder if we should have dropped more than two bombs.
this is straight fire
mixtape release 2016 confirmed?
Canned tuna inside rice balls actually sounds good to eat, i should try it sometime...
Brb
Whats the piano at like.... 1:20 ? That sounds fucking sweet.
I have cancer.
dope
I got a tiny orgasm
He roasted the fuck outta those annoying "Ey b0ss" fags that have Pink guy as their PP
1.25 speed is fire.
Yessir
hey onigiri

wanna suck my cockini?


end my life
2:35 - 3:00 all "BRING BACK JOJI" faggots listen intensively to that shit.
real JOJIMUSIC PLS
this is bobo ross
This video is way too meta. Like he doesn't like what he's established so far.
dat beard
does anyone think this sounds like a Tyler the Creator song? still love it lol
That was some good shit boss
guess my friends are gonna beat me more after i show them my new favourite song.
Oh how I love you frank
One kid ik refuses to watch filthy Frank just because. So I'll just show him some songs and he'll freak out cuz how good they are. lol Then the best part is when I tell him, and his face swells with disappointment. Still refuses
beautiful.
THIS IS FUCKING CRUNK
best of winter 2016
sweet I love the pink guy raps, and I'm not even a fan of rap, but for some reason I like how you do
I'm your nightmare BITCH
co.
No xmas special franku? I was looking forward to a nice long vid...
jesus BAR GOALS
FUCK YES
pubes on your chin
Dat sweet slo-mo
I'm not a fan of rap... but i dig this so much, it reminds me of the soundtrack of GiFTPiA... and that's really aweosome, except that this makes me laugh... well GiFTPiA too... but this is different, this is papa
FUCKING DOPEEEEE PAPU FRANKUU
franku plz dont smoke u will geta cancer
Man, I'd love to produce music like he does...
pls make sum joji music again yknow fuck this FF fans they are so autistic I am a true fan who listen real joji music and also i am very worried bout your health and your seizurs and your medicine so go pm if you wanna talk

kiss <3
We want Death Grips feat FilthyFrank muthafuckas
I'm 12 and I hate my generation. They all listen to those mainstream wrappers about sex and violence. This is real music
Fire Joji
My body is ready
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
pupils dilated 
i'm elated 
cooking in mah window

pink guy spitting fire
preaching choir
working at the tempo
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
cancer
that was fire tho
fnufrukie
Nigga can cook.
Oooooooooooooooooh shit, here we go
Eh... he's done better songs, quite frankly I'm disappointed
he just dropped the hottest mixtape ever
his house was fucked up
>tfw joji will never make serious music again
2:24 Iconic
11 minuets after posted already 30,000 views...
papa smokes?? #triggered #justaprankbro
I don't need a microwave.
I came
OMG Pink Guy @ 60 FPS!
download link?
Where can i buy this mixtape??
Now I know how to make onigiri, thanks Papa Franku ♡
Pink Guy straight fire as always
I live for these videos.
did my girl doggy style while jamming to this, made her cum so fast. Thanks so much man!
that was amazing.
kappa
God left me unfinished
I have connections to hell your rapping career 
His name is jev
If don't think this the dopest shit then get the fuck outta here! Nigga can actually rap pretty well
music awards 2015
Pappa plz sell me your mixtape x_x
pink guy destoyed the beat. I like the trippy beat.
next time = 3 YEARS
hot
best thing ive ever seen in awhile
this is so weird :/ I have Mars on the moon fuck my life I'm chicken and the other hand faster
This guy is gonna be involved in a tragic accident. I can feel it.
When's the joji album gonna drop?
What are you fucking KSI? Stop pursuing your shitty rap career and start making videos you fucking faggot. Leave rapping to Edups.
Good shit franku
Fucking fire
Is that franks actual voice?
PLEASE BLESS US WITH MORE BEATS DAMN
respect dude! all praise omega pink
i wanna download it
Ok i was hoping a larger production but dis wos fine mi pussi amigo
k
I didn't even know this beat was the lobby song! Frank surprises me with cancer yet again!
Yo when is this mixtape coming out?
I didn't sub to this channel for actual good videos where are the "shows" faggot
THIS IS PURE ART
yo . don't kill yourself. we all know you're considering it, your videos are becoming odd and satanic and creepy. please stay alive man. we need you.
Is frank gay or something?
LIT AF
Im waiting for the day pinkomega is on jimmy fallon
new jams to blast in my car c;
The last part verse was so fucking edgy
does frank smoke?
this better not be the video that you were talking about releasing.
You're  pretty good at producing fam! Keep it up. 💯💯
true beautiful art
Loved the song man, loved the personal bit at the end.
Thank you Based b0ss for the dank fire
Holy shit, Omega dropped some truth for some of you dumb cats at the end of the video.
Pink Guy raps better than 99℅ of the industry.
fresh
Filthy Frank taking over the Rap Game.
Calling it.
PinkOmeGuy in back!!
oh for fuck sake Frank XD
Not only the raps got better, but the whole cinematography is off the roof,  Bro when is the full PinkGuy/Frank movie coming  il fill the theater myself if shit doesnt sell well
I ejaculated so hard seeing the notification and continuously as I watch pink guy
I'm looking forward to the next pink guy album
this is sick
made me orgasm
So much fire the whole city went up in flames. Ps my neighbor's dog died in a house fire as a result of this song
What is real music?
Isn't music just music?
I don't need that microwave.
i luv this
brilliant!
"Hey that's pretty good!"
All these memes in 60FPS, PRAISE CHIN CHIN
You dropping an album any time soon frank/joji/George Miller/papa franku/filthy frank/TV filthy frank?
🌚I'm craving rice balls now😂😂 ,vid is dope asf tho
Pink omega
I'm not sure if I'm impressed or weirded out..?
Fuck Hello song of the year is right here.
Heyyyyy that's pretty good
Hmm pretty good
You're fucking amazing ;w; FIST ME SENPAI
Thank you for the video,  b0ss.
Frank, please stahp. I need to sleep.
sonic fast
Nigga please release a new album fgt
Glory to Papa Franku!
Good shit man.
Claps Claps
Absolute fire. Amaratsu up in this bitch, because this nigga's fire can't be extinguished.
he looks like a faggot vegan hipster with those glasses and his facial hair
Eh
Shave your fucking face
What did you use to make your sub bass?
Its 1AM and im too tired for this shit. Goodnight.
bless
nice rap, i really liked the instrumental!
Fucking awesome. Seriously.
Miss the eighties...back when women had bushes and didn't shave all their pussy hair off. Damn I miss those days!
Lobby
this is your most awesome music video! i can really see the improvement, keep up the good work dude. :)
pink guy is the best rapper
and this guy made a video about bad Internet rappers?
A Filthy Frank video in 60 FPS? Let's peep this out.
*Enjoy your terminal illness in this new smooth 60fps fashion. Memes have never been so DANGEROUS!
Im here
I acctually like this as a song?
japanese version of Taylor the creator
This song suck. actually this whole generation of music sucks. I need to listen to some cave men music to make myself feel better.
where can i get this instrumental  my godd
INSTRUMENTAL PLSSS!!!    ._.
Shut up Daniel.
why the fuck would you do this to me
This is art
daddy
well I have a new favorite song now
3:22 dota player?
Fuuuuuck
Hell ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU FRANK !!
Sexiest thing I've ever seen. Thank you, Daddy.
my boy frank got bars
My nigga pink guy
god I love Joji's music. I listen to literally anything he has and I just wish there was more. pinkomega
The hype when I saw this on my notifications
so that's how you pronounce. "Echelon"...
fuck this was another crazy prank by Joji vlogs
que loucura
I have a cancer
ayy
people with anime profile pictures need to hang themselves
sik beat fam
Happy new year, fuking love ur vids
Hottest cigarette advertisement 2015
fucking nice sample pink guy!
Link to beat?
strangle these fuker
FRANK CAME THRUUUUUU
nice meme
Pretty good. But still wanting that sick jungle boy beat, mane...
man
I really think frank upgraded his video quality in this video I rate 8/rape while I masturbate.
nice beats
This cured my case of Weeaboo
I DONT NEED A MICROWAVE
Real talk.... I believe we are looking at the formation one of the biggest youtube stars in history
JOJI goin hard
foooorst
Ive wasted a year of my life watching your cancer franku and I still love you , you slanty eyed faggot.
this gave me a good type of cancer
Bless Up
ive never wanted to suck small asian dick this much in my entire life. but this nigga's pretty attractive, even when he does retarded shit like this.
Wailing like the Japanese haha
I'm feeling a odd future kind of vibe from this song
Bravo
ein volk ein reich ein franku
your beats kick ass, whether its serious shit or not.
can anyone give me a small loan of a memelion chromosomes?
Why the fuck is your house/apartment so dirty
I approve
Stop smoking Frank 
You will get cancer 
>:(((((((
Man, I need to start going some pink guy type beats
+ Кто от Гавера
ey b0ss add to spotify yes????????????????????
He's actually quit a good dj
Suicide can be fun sometimes
Asian Tyler The Creator
Pretty lit friendo
so fucking good
LONG LIVE FILTHY FRANKIE! 👑💲
that joji fan roast was fucking savage
Hey pewdiepie uses a stove GUYS THIS GUY IS A YOUTUBE COPY FUCK I had so much respect for you and you did this why ;-;
Thank you for this
Я со стрима ^_^
Wow! Pink Guy in 60fps! Its like hes right in front of me raping my soul!!

CoolMeme™
10/Chef
This is some tyler the creator shit
I want to make yur asshole look like the end of a loudspeaker.
Ur MIXTAPE is Fire
Holy fuck, a new pink guy song? Thanks Franku <3
Is this on iTunes
Me erection is erect <3
papa's bulge 0:18
B... b... but frank, smoking's bad for you.
ε=ε=ε=ε=ε=ε=┌(;￣◇￣)┘
Alright!  Who farted?!
Boss
Yo Frank, this ia the beat that was reserved for the Joji album right? It was at the end of Jungle Boy pt. 1
switched to porn because it was easier to explain
thnk yu papa franku
am I the only one who really misses shaman ?
collab with Keith ape
あはははフランク何してるの
Frank should rant about the new internet species of the musical.ly the like 2 year old kids taking their shirts off and stuff
Helo
The papa bulge at 2:10 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Bro Frank, those bare sick no joke, Love your vids bro. You should do rap battle b0us.
Rofl that joji music part
add idubbz to ur subbox nigger faggot
this girl just said she let her dog lick her pussy when she was 8
Huh.
killerwhalesquad
Bruh. That beat is sick
I think my filthy frank addiction has taken over more of my life than my porn and fallout 4 addictions combined.
This is real hip hops
1:47 when the party is to lit
FINALLY a video that isnt just shock value bs, ive missed this side of the channel for so long, its not always about cringe and doing fucking anything. my opinion and i dont care if im hated but all these collabs are making me dislike this channel, you were awesome on your own man, friends are chill but your channel changes as a whole.... im not looking for debates so im not gonna reply because im not here for this moronic comment section....i miss you papa </3
Almost as good as Tyler the Creator :^)
"We want Joji music" lol
joji got a nice voice. why don't he show himself anymore?
This nigga Papau Franku better pay my insurance company burning my house down with these flames like this.
tem algum BR nessa porra
smashed my like button so hard I found out the truth about what Cosby really did to those women.
Frank drinks stella :)
Listening to this gave me down syndrome.
use a e cig
I'm from 2016 and I like this music. I hate my generation
This is real music 1,00000,0000,0000,000,000/10
Lowkey Joji is actually great at making music.
mememeister
Hello Papa Franku
хто от гавера ?
wow, i'm here within 9 minutes.... 1,165th!
60fps of dank frank
I fapped hard to this
had a shit day at work and to come home to a new video from you has made my day even shitter <3 

love for the papa
HELLO JEZZA
I would but this song
papa frank makes the best raps ever
Song name?
happy new year btw
Why's he growing a mohawk on his chin?
My phone got so excited for Frank that when the notification came through it gave me 10 seconds of white noise
THIS GOES HARD YOU GOTTA MAKE THAT JOJI ALBUM
Frank, stop smoking. Just like we preserved Steven Hawking's life for his mind, we need to preserve your life for your chromosomes.
This could be us
Гавер петух
Holy shit the 60 fps, the ultimate meme experience
Oh hell yeah
be my beautiful mother
papa spitting straight 🔥🔥🔥
When that Filthy Frank notification pop up.
i don't need a microwave
Nice beat my ears bled a little
Aww yes, get to watch Filthy Frank in 1080p 60 fps now! You never looked so good in 60fps!
NYEEEEEEEEEEEEES pink guy raps like a b0ss
I've never came so hard to a notification before
your music is god tier franku senpai
do you have soundcloud?
Hey Frank, is that your actual voice?
I want to fuck dad.
Let's all go to the lobby and get ourselves some animated dancing concessions, preferably white rice and canned tuna.
Marry me papa franku
Fuck me in the mouth again frank
Lets get the beat for this k?
What's the instrumental?
if u won't culinary rap listen to Action Bronson
This should be iTunes
Welcome to the rice stove motherfucker
plz nuu
This video was different on how it addressed people wanting "real music" and the conflict between Joji and FilthyFrank and whether or not its all fake and stuff. I like
NICE VID SEMPAI I LUV U
This was dope nigga bitch. Warming up my winter!
OH MY GOD is that Jojivlogs?
So that's what he sounds like...
Frank droppin' that fire.
ayyy good work b0ss
Best song of 2015
Frank is getting normal. Something is really fucking wrong.
clean your kitchen you dirty bastard
Fucking fireeeee
Frank smoking is bad for your health, please frank I'm worried.
PAPA MMM YES
AWWWWW YIS
I'm killing myself tomorrow, thanks for the laughs frankie
fukin fegit
Balls in the face
I'm not sure what's more filthy, this channel or Franks kitchen.
this shit goes hard
We love real music
This shit fire fam
Clean your fucking stove top.
Sick beats boss
My step dad made me stay up for this.
WHOO
Strait fire
Love ya franku senpai
Missed the hell out of you
You go franku
;-; you go
frank is a giant faggot
i love this so much
i luh u frenk
thanks for 60fps
where can I download this?
This shit is lit
i love u
fuckin fire m8
Pink Guy and Frank both have the same chin hair... You don't think.. nah, nevermind...
Fucking awesome!
Chromossome kisses from Brazil!
3 minutes and a half of happiness
i thought of you 5 min ago, now you upload, what a coincidence
if you're reading this Peter i want you to know that you're the lov- a FUCKINg faggot, that's what the fuck you are.
The beat in this one was used in a video uploaded two years ago on this channel titled, "PINK GUY DANCE"
hey, that's pretty good!
This IS GODLY
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 straight fire man
Cool beans
i thought of you 5 min ago, now you upload, what a coincidence
"we want joji music" music is music. LMAO you right.
I dont give a fuck
beat goes hard af
I honestly have no idea what happened in all of this video, nor will I ever figure it out.
dirty ass feet
Pink Guy is really letting his face go.
as soon as i saw this notification i was like drop everything papa franku made a new video
pls come to my house and shit in my toilet
good man, keep doing that weird shit
fire
Why did you glue pubes to your chin?
anyone know where to find the beat
wewantrealmusicfaggot
pink guy dies in star wars
Yeah sunbro! PRAISE THE FUCKING SUN \[T]/!
I still cant believe thats frankus real Voice , it sounds so....clean....
WHO THE FUCK PREFERS JOJI'S MUSIC TO THIS?
bring back joji vlogs
who tf makes videos in 2015 almost 2016 smh
who else miss the raps
Will we ever find out if they made it to the lobby?
Pls cum to brazil
This video made me drink paint, but the paint tasted nice.
All shit aside, that looks delicious
Ravioli Ravioli
╭╮╱╱╭━━┳╮╭━┳━━━╮
┃┃╱╱╰┫┣┫┃┃╭┫╭━━╯
┃┃╱╱╱┃┃┃╰╯╯┃╰━━╮
┃┃╱╭╮┃┃┃╭╮┃┃╭━━╯
┃╰━╯┣┫┣┫┃┃╰┫╰━━╮
╰━━━┻━━┻╯╰━┻━━━╯
╭━━┳━━━╮
╰┫┣┫╭━━╯
╱┃┃┃╰━━╮
╱┃┃┃╭━━╯
╭┫┣┫┃
╰━━┻╯
╭╮╱╭╮
┃┃╱┃┃
┃┃╱┃┃
┃┃╱┃┃
┃╰━╯┃
╰━━━╯
╭━━━┳━━━┳━━━╮
┃╭━╮┃╭━╮┃╭━━╯
┃┃╱┃┃╰━╯┃╰━━╮
┃╰━╯┃╭╮╭┫╭━━╯
┃╭━╮┃┃┃╰┫╰━━╮
╰╯╱╰┻╯╰━┻━━━╯
╭╮╭╮╭┳━━━┳━━━━┳━━━┳╮╱╭┳━━┳━╮╱╭┳━━━╮
┃┃┃┃┃┃╭━╮┃╭╮╭╮┃╭━╮┃┃╱┃┣┫┣┫┃╰╮┃┃╭━╮┃
┃┃┃┃┃┃┃╱┃┣╯┃┃╰┫┃╱╰┫╰━╯┃┃┃┃╭╮╰╯┃┃╱╰╯
┃╰╯╰╯┃╰━╯┃╱┃┃╱┃┃╱╭┫╭━╮┃┃┃┃┃╰╮┃┃┃╭━╮
╰╮╭╮╭┫╭━╮┃╱┃┃╱┃╰━╯┃┃╱┃┣┫┣┫┃╱┃┃┃╰┻━┃
╱╰╯╰╯╰╯╱╰╯╱╰╯╱╰━━━┻╯╱╰┻━━┻╯╱╰━┻━━━╯
╭━━┳━╮╱╭╮
╰┫┣┫┃╰╮┃┃
╱┃┃┃╭╮╰╯┃
╱┃┃┃┃╰╮┃┃
╭┫┣┫┃╱┃┃┃
╰━━┻╯╱╰━╯
╭━━━┳━━━╮╭╮╭━━━╮
┃╭━╮┃╭━╮┣╯┃┃╭━━╯
╰╯╭╯┃┃┃┃┣╮┃┃╰━━╮
╭━╯╭┫┃┃┃┃┃┃╰━━╮┃
┃┃╰━┫╰━╯┣╯╰┳━━╯┃
╰━━━┻━━━┻━━┻━━━╯
dafaq did i just watch
What a nice young man.
25,000 views in less than 10 minutes
An Asian Tyler,The Creator
onigiri is a p good gaem tbh
Just gonna say this. I love onigiri! I'm white as hell but I have a Japanese friend who let me try his. It's good shit
he has reverse nigger feet
lil b thugged out pissed off out now!🔥🔥🔥
Jesus Christ I miss Pink Guy songs
YASS MY QUEEN ✨😍😭
Love you Pink Guy, Frank, George, and the rest of the Franks :D
I clicked on the notification so fucking quick holy shit
Papa Franku is best waifu.
Pink guy grew a beard now?
Youre a sick man frank
i need the download link papa frankku
ayyyy that's pretty gooooooooood
ПАПА ФРАНКУ, ЭТО АХУЕННО
ТЫ ЛУЧШИЙ <З
Christ that breakdown
Talking about Joji music, who cares. We want Joji vlogs back.
Nigga im early as fuck do a comment :gay retard
this is amazing. Rap Legend
Never clicked a notification so fast
This made me cum b0ss, oml the quality
This was fucking sick, your raps just keep getting better
fear and loathing in franks kitchen
i am aroused
That's some sticky-ass rice
plz take my anal virginity pink guy 💗💗💗
Hoping for cancer overload in 2016
It's lit
Playing with a new toy eh?
I don't mean the new camera.
I'm so fucking satisfied
My notification was 6minuets late, i tapped so hard on this
Pink guy is lit !
beat dropped harder than franku did when he was born.
Have you ever had cum just drip down your legs and it makes your leg hairs stick together?
Pink guy or joji or whatever his name is needs to do a collaboration with Tyler.
Best song of all time
Wooohooo
9/11 BEST VIDEO EVAH
Fist me papa
i thought of you 5 min ago. thanks for uploading
Beutifull
Pinkguy don't give fucks
Hey, thats pretty good
9/11 pry4paros
OMG IT'S JOJI VLOGS!
Onigiri? what the fuck does that mean?
i thought of you 5 min ago. thanks for uploading
I came 5 times and blood came out my asshole
I wait two weeks for this trash?
Pink guy will fuck you up
Smoking is bad, m'kay?
It's time to stop!! where are your parents!!! jk I like it
help
his ramen is on fire again :(
seriously, he needs to be a real rapper. better than iggy
no but fr wheres that new joji music
Is this what athiests believe in?
Cool rap dude!
Penis
Yo dat fucking beat made me jizz in my pants
He's got Filthy Facial hair.
Opens phone
YESSSS!
Bruh, that was fucking magical. Keep doin' what you're doing.
PINK GUY fuck my bitches and sprinkle them with your riceballs!!!
Do you actually smoke? Been in some of recent videos. Or is it just like you don't inhale the smoke, just kind of stays in your mouth.
papa franku can you take me to the lobby please ty
first?
That was awesome. thank you Franku San. ❤
What camera are you using?
B0ss gibe de cancer pls
The voice of an angel
senpai franku
RICE BALLS NIGGA
Yes.
I have never clicked a notification quicker in my life
The production quality is fucking amazing, and the music is dope.
Franku, why does your chin look like a Turkish man's crotch?
10/10 would bang balls to the meat grinding walls
dad
Great Job Frank. Proud of you, keep it up.
I want to kill myself
That beat is actually heat frank, hit us with an instrumental
BEAUTIFUL
Get a real job and then die of cancer faggot.
nice video I guess
So dope.
Biggups my pink man.
wow boss nice effort waited a month for a proper vid and got a 3 min rap song
DAD
Hell yeah, this was great.
I didn't know this wasn't real, I guess all this semen isn't real either.
Im feeling this Joji.
You need to do a song with Adele. 
Looking forward to seeing you perform at Coachella next year.
I love when pink guy raps.
I told my friend to watch this video and get his ass off his ass playing GTA
"it's only FilthyFrank"
We're not friends anymore :P
hey daddy im early
fucking banger
I want to kill myself.
Today is my birthday.  Papa Frank uploaded on my birthday.  Thank you based Frank.
1:26 the table E.T. snorted all da cocaine biatch!!!
Nigga looks like pink daredevil
pink guy spits absolute flames
this video cured my ebola and gave me cancer and autism thanks b0ss ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yea
Papa franku you have awesome voice **.**
My insides are onigiready for this video.
ah hell yeah
ITS HAPPENING
.
───█───▄▀█▀▀█▀▄▄───▐█──────▄▀█▀▀█▀▄▄
──█───▀─▐▌──▐▌─▀▀──▐█─────▀─▐▌──▐▌─█▀
─▐▌──────▀▄▄▀──────▐█▄▄──────▀▄▄▀──▐▌
─█────────────────────▀█────────────█
▐█─────────────────────█▌───────────█
▐█─────────────────────█▌───────────█
─█───────────────█▄───▄█────────────█
─▐▌───────────────▀███▀────────────▐▌
──█──────────▀▄───────────▄▀───────█
───█───────────▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀───────
yee
this shit is fire he heard my cries
You're a worthless faggot. You should kill yourself, faggot.
It's hard to clap with a dick in your hand
eyyy it's turnt
284th!!!!
Holy cow Frank!
You've made another masterpiece.
you're good at rap no shit
fucking g thang
We want real music
Is this on ITunes yet Pink guy?
Pink guy spits straight fire when he raps but whenever he actually tries to talk he's sounds like a Down syndrome Mexican midget.
always when i want to go to bed something like this gets uploaded
y u do dis frank
Fuck you frank my girlfriends parents saw me watch this and made us kill ourselves.
SENPAI FUCKING FAGGGGGGGGGGGOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
this fucked me up
Yes
been waiting for a long time gets a song im about to hang myself and im not afraid
New MMA theme song
Finally! The intro song to Human Ramen. 🔥
liek dis uf u Cy evrytiem; (
pussy
KAPPA
Jojiiiii I love you so much for this😂💖
this is pretty dope, dog.
That Joji monologue was godly
LET'S ALL GO TO THE LOBBY!! This is fire.
is this vaporwave
NOTICE ME PAPA FRANKU PLS
cool shit half yellow nigga
U got pranked bro
first
This beat is fire yo !!
for a filthy Frank vid I'm pretty early... So what's the menu specials today?
iTunes?
Fuck yeah
Actual fire
bruh dis mah jam
Luv it
Thank you for all the content you put out. I love all the characters and the man behind it all
N o t i f i c a t i o n s q u a d
lmfao
Bruh your ego killed this track
k
a small loan of a million pink particles
Make this shit frank
So is papa Franku a legitimate smoker? Cus he's been puffin' a lot a smoke in his recent vids.
shouldn't have clicked the notification before sleep ..
fuck i love his vids!
Joji music sounds fappable
firust
I think this is the sickest track Joji/Pink Omega/ Pinky Guy/whatever the fuck you guys want call him has put out yet. Especially when the beat changes, dear god my balls were like Hiroshima after the bomb.
the cancer dropped quick
Nice cancer. Chef/10
Fist me b0ss
Massive Dicks :^)
God damn, dude. 

You're seriously really good at this stuff.
First time watching Filthy Frank:
 "Yo, is the guy mentally retarded or something?"

Watching Filthy Frank regularly: 
 "Yo, is this guy mentally retarded or something?"
pink guy is back again! fuck yes!
Pink Guy with facial hair threw me off -- the cancer is receding and it's evident in the work. Ramen King was a top-class carcinogen, at least in its day.
I stopped listening to the beach boys for this?
more rant videos please
Bout time frank my autism levels were at a very low point thanks for my daily dose of autism i was tired of looking at dank memes
I gained a chromosome by watching this
I clicked on it soo fast and arleady 2k views you guys are the best
Great Cameraman !
9/11 not even that good
never clicked so fast till now
Better than Kilimanjaro
Frank get on Spotify
I have a sudden urge to go to the lobby
ok but stfu about notifications
beats like fire, rice like my balls
i clicked on this with my dick
sexy
Whoo!
Bout time frank my autism levels were at a very low point thanks for my daily dose of autism i was tired of looking at dank memes
Stopped porn for this, still masturbated
this video reversed my puberty
God he keeps his apartment so dirty. Look at the fucking stovetop! I suppose they don't call him Filthy Frank for nothing.
This is some hard ass shit damn daddy 👅👅👅👅👅💦💦💦💦🔥🔥🔥🔥
please consider a career in music you fag
I miss the times you used to do pranks back in the day franku...
LOL
pink gay
my pussy is crying
PERSONA 4 CAUSED 9/11
15,000 views in 1 minute.
How the fucking strawberry shortcake is that possible?
im glad ur making more raps its been a while its a nice change
Fake and gay
George, you could've had a normal life. But you chose this shit
still wanna fuck me with that radiator pipe tho.
Dope as always, do what you like doing. Those pubes on your face are sexy af btw
Sick af
Ha what're you fucking gay!
THREE FUCKING MINUTES
Loli Girls are my thing
I feel more gay than before
yeah I definitely saw more George than a character in this video, I always love that to be honest
Pink Omega Ω is back.
His video editing skills are getting better, but what he puts in them are cancer.
PINK guY Is A real nigger
It's been a while since we got a good pink beat
IM EARLY SO HERE I GO








PENIS XXXXXDDDDDDDXDXXDDX!!!!1!1!1!1
Last time I came this fast my girlfriend broke up with me
i just got double the cancer
gay retard
Shit I wanted to be early
I cracked my phone screen hitting that notification.
hot
Spitting FIRE
FIRST!!!!!!
Cyka blyat
Honestly, I wonder how my family would react finding out I listen to stuff like this.
Bout damn time, fucking gook.
Feed me riceballs filled with mr idubbz's hair pls
We are but mortals. We do not deserve such beauty.
I have been waiting on a new video
HAN SOLO DIES
Dad
i stopped wanking for this
Looks like papa Franku got addicted to cigarettes
Sounds like tyler the creator
I've heard better sounds coming out my asshole than that beat.
dope af
same
1st?
I just drowned my goldfish
puss boss
This....I like this.
Is that real rice?
DADDY YESSS WHEN I SAW THE NOTIFACATION MY FINGER FINGERED YOUR CHANNEL SO HARD UGH
Yes now
I don't get it. You're a funny motherfucker and at the same time you produce creative ass beats and have your own style of rap delivery. Fuck you, you talented bastard.
I fucking missed pink guy
won't be eating YOUR rice balls as a guest
cancer
GG first 200 comments
Is this what yung lean gets off too?
Thank you for uploading this on my birthday
Fuck yea, nice to hear this track again remastered 👌🏻👌🏻
Fuuuuuckkkkkkk
I am a genuine therapist, not a rapist. just to clear that up. thank you - znd
Dis shit some super hot fire
you live your life weirdly
What? Are you a fucking faggot?
I have no penis
shit mah nigglets, it's lit af
I would eat that, actually looks good...
I just stopped jacking off with peanut butter to watch this
loved how he referenced the twitter comments about "real music"
This video reminds me of when I first used windows movie maker in 2007 and did all the slo-mo/reverse effects
SAW FRANKU AND CLICKED HARD
Filthy frank you da man
u look different pink guy :/
Oh my goodness it's pink guy
Lmao dude, i can see how 12 year olds pissed you off
let's all go to the loooobby
Real notification hours
frankkkuuu
eyy b0ss plus gimme the pussy
I got a cut from my phone after breaking the screen  with my finger from the notification. 

Need bandages and ice for these burns and cuts.
Last.
b0ss THE POOSI TOO GUD
Furst
It's filthy frank mother fucker. It's filthy frank bitch.
Got notification. Pressed so hard my finger went through screen. Still worth it.
ART
spicy
IT FUCKING BANGS BRO
praise u papa franku
Frank to do half time show at Super Bowl 51!
hey, thats pretty good!
kms
Pink Omega and Pink Guy are one now.
Sometimes I dress up my dog in my sister's clothes and fuck it. Does this make my dog a roleplayer?
I made Onigiri yesterday
honestly filthy frank is one of the few channels who kept being funny and original (insert "HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL" meme here), seriously bro, keep it up!
this was fucking lit
Better every time
I don't need a microwave
gorgeous video
PINK OMEGA DID IT AGAIN
My mom likes rap now
My grandmother loves this song!
one of the first xD
I do not regret subbing to this channel
Anyone else see his dick in the beginning
It's time to stop
g o o d
I can't
PAPA FRANKU IS BACK BBY MY BUNGHOLE IS SO SQUIRTY
Papa Franku 10/10
Bring back jojivlogs faggot
YES YES YES YES IM HYPERVENTING I LOVE PINKOMEGAAAAA THANK YOU THANK YOU THA K YOU THANK U PAPI HOLY SHIT THIS IS SO FIRE
Love it
heell yeah
Wow frank never disappoints
fire
nyes.
Pretty good m8
TRUE ABOUT THE 'REAL' AND 'FAKE' MUSIC LIKE CHILL FAM ITS FIRE EITHER WAY
yasss daddy
pink guy album 2 please boss
FINALLY
I don't understand
Gross duuude come on duuuuuude
gOOD SHITTTTT💯💯💯💯
I'm only 7 and I listen to this music I wish more people from my womb would appreciate this kind of pom
See, I love these types of videos.. No puking, going in public for the staring.. The videos like with red dick or promethius or Franks rants
Welp. Now I want riceballs.
FU CKKKKKK
I am dead inside.
give up your music career srs
wow awesome music
"I'm a act not a role model" "fuckboys on my dick like a trampoline" I think he is trying to tell us something
the cancer drop was great
gud lawd
im slightly aroused
Holy shit 1 k views in less than 2 mins, wtf is wrong with you frank?
I like it yo!!! Haha
give up your music career srs
I AM SO EARLYBOW DOWN5 MINUTES IS MY NEW RECORD
Pink Guy drops his newest mixtape.
Hitlers dad didn't pull out fast enough.
He lit his already lit cigarette 







Lol lit af
songs dope af
this is the only person I'd actually pay to watch that's on YouTube
HOP OFF HIS NI¶¶L3Z
whens the new album?
466th person to comment
My new years resolution is i want to fucking kill myself.
Behind the scenes is coming right ?
I came
I whacked my gack to this
Fire 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Thanks for the erection in public asshole
FIIIREEEEE
YES HOLY FUCK
I think I can finally kill myself now.
I want real joji music
Ey b0ss fuck u mane!
it's time to stop
:)
Filthy Frank I want to smoke weed with you.
byotiful
Pink guys is looking fresh as always
every time I get a notification for one of your videos a have an instant erection. I think I need to go to the vet
I just ditched my crush to watch filthy frank this is the life
I thought my birthday was shitty as it was but thanks for making me re-tie my good old faithful rope. It's always been there to hold me up at least a foot off the ground.
Your videos are always Brown and White. Cock'n'Squeeze m8.
Hey everyone, I'm going to go lobby now.  Y'all want anything from there?
This video is a disgrace to onigiri.
Delet thsi
YES
new vid for my birthday?<3 thanks franku
Damn Papa that's some good shit.
father plz fuk mei in mouth
FIre
I like to fuck myself in the ear
Pink Guy, The Creator?
Dem beats tho.
Fire as fuck my nigga, can't wait for your next album.
Not gonna lie the cinematography is really good
pinkysmalls
Have my kids
If you look closely, you can see Franku is white.
This amount of WACKTY IS INCOMPREHENSIBLE!
god damn i dropped making my own mixtape to watch this vid
Impregnate me papa
Lobby.
Noice
Please respond to me. You've helped me a lot. You're music hotter than hell. I connect to this. Everyone loves this. Bro, you will always be on top.  Peace. #Pinkfire
Oooonigiri tree ooooonigiri tree, fuck shit bitch slut cunty me.
nigger
Do I need a Parent's signature before subscribing to this channel?
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) filthyfrank just burn my house
A FilthyFrank video is the worst kind of video to comment 'first' on.
I wish I came as hard as this shit
Can you do a jazz song next.
"Last time I was this early my wife was pregnant" lol
I had a lot of fun making this video! Thanks for watching and supporting! New videos coming soon and here's to an even wilder 2016!


I wasn't trying to be mean at the end of the song. I just wanted to remind you that I enjoy making these videos and I also enjoy making music, and I want you to be able to enjoy it too without categorizing anything! 


"You're the one who said you were going to make a separate 'serious' album first" Yes, because everyone kept ASKING me to do it. I had no idea what people were talking about but I wanted to make everyone happy.
Love u <3
fuck I hate 60 fps videos
ayy lmao sik rap
who /4chan/ here?
TOO. DAMN FILTHY
Good to see some OG pink guy flow boi
he said narwhal
So much FIRE, franku is like better than like 85% of the actuals rappers...
I OOVE YOUR COCK PAPAFRANKU
this shit is actual fire
I like Papa Frankus videos more than I like pusi.
THIS IS FUCKING FIRE
wacky as fuck bro, 8/8 m8
fucking yes.
you finally finished this fuckin song,  always wanted the full version since pink guy dance
BILL CosbY
Last! Oh and all praise the dark lord!
KILLER WHALES
this shit is actual fire
Japanese 1010 when
3:22. Confirmed Frank is a DOTA player
yyy
i love this beat! 😂
first? apparently not. Who the hell cares anyway?
Kill it papa
K
gay
This is the reason notifications are now an option on Youtube.
I'm investin' on these large balls.
These large rice balls.
Yo frank, thanks for all this 2015 shit. You're the best meng <3. Hope you have an awesome year man.
"Cancer comment" Waiting for ze likes
Daddy pls
wat
i havent clicked so fast to see a video..
I'm early
True
help
440 franku
Fire  af
THE MIXTAPE HAS BEEN DROPP'D! QUICK,EVERYBODY HIDE THEMSELVES ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
Is tis Pink Omegs?
Hello ladies..
boss please i have cancer
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) onigiri
o.o what a waste of rice
mmmm
Why are filthyfrank fans so weird
no word of a lie, I fapped hard to this.
I love this beat.
Sick tunes bruh
I haven't watched this yet but thank you franku. I love u
Fuck the Internet
Yes my monthly chromosomes are here
Best beat of2015
YES FRANK NOTIFY ME DADDY
I still want Frank's dick to be the National Animal of the USA.
#EndangeredDick
If you were the same age as your social security number, how old would you be?
Franks pissed at us guys...
Argh I fucked a porcupine
Yes
Beautiful
Don't need a microwave... cause we already lit fam
fallout 5 confirmed?
Hey B0sss, Is this a sign of a new pink guy album?
What's more cancerous, the comment section or the video?
And I now have AIDS
FRANKU YOUR BEATS ARE FLY AS FUCK
lmao
Pink omega is chill
hell yeah!!!
first
filthy filthy filthy filthy
give me da dck please
wait he smokes cigarettes!?
yeaaaah bois
Ewww niggeretes
I was watching my favorite anime Suite life with Zack and Cody but being notified about this video takes priority
yeaaaah bois
This video turned me into Caitlyn Jenner
i hate niggers
Notification squad
Ye boi
ey B0ss
today i saw a baloon
too bad its just a little too late for fantanos top 50 singles of 2015
Gimme another pinkguy album
Plying this at my New Year's Eve party thanks pink guy lots of love
My house caught on fire listening to this. Now I am homeless, but it was worth it to listen to this. 🔥
please tell me this is available on iTunes
Been waiting for this shit for 2 weeks better be worth it I'm pullin my grade A bleach for this and I don't want to have ended up pulling the good shit out for no bull shit
I'm lyrical spiritual individual miracle lyrical
First
All of you can get skin cancer m8
im gay
fuck dad yes. pink omega fuck my bitch
i fucking hate myself
people say I look like this dude wtf?
Oh hell yeah man!
YO THAT SPEECH AT THE END THO !
lol he moved his stove to the other side.
I was like I waited 3 weeks for this shit, but  its straight fire
nice cock
main i got here quick when i saw that notification
YAY
This shit has some dank lasagne all over it.
Who has more haters pewdiepie or filthy frank?
notification triggered me
This gave me cancer,i love it.
FRANKU MOYASE
Always good frank you make me laugh all the time
I'm from Victoria Australia and it's a good day to see your vids
motherfucker
Boner intensifies
and still better raper than that asshole KSI
Who else is watching this on the shitter?
That was amazing
Pink guy is fucking goals
AIDS
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
yes I look forward to these new videos
I've never been so aroused.
Fuck me in the ass joji
60 FPS? Memes in 60 FPS...
la beat
GOT DAMN
He's back bitches!!!!
THATS HIS ACTUAL VOICE??
I GOT HERE SO FAST THE RELATED VIDEOS ARE JUST MUSIC FROM OTHER PEOPLE
Mixtape when
damn son where'd you find this
First?
so much yes
ayyy
So fast I replied to this notification
Needledrop 10/10
NEVER CLICKED SO FAST
Had to turn off my dank beats to listen to this shit!
bring back joji vlogs
I want a filthy frank radio
FIRST
I GOT HERE SO FAST THE RELATED VIDEOS ARE JUST MUSIC FROM OTHER PEOPLE
You look sick, eat a burger.
been waiting for new beats for ages, thanks papa
wow
JOIN ODD FUTURE!! YOUR SOUND WOULD FIT IN SO WELL!!
Fun Fact: My dad doesn't love me. Ayyyyyylmao
Herro boss
kappa
Haven't seen the video and I'm ready for cancer. Anyone else?
wow what a faggot
WAITED FOR THIS SINCE PAPA FRANKU'S FB POST
Under 5 minute club
nice
i expected a better episode
i got an instant boner once i got the notifiaction
papa franku uploaded, praise be to Lord chin chin !
cansur pls b0ss
best song 2016
Pink guy spoke?!
Nice one Pink Guy!
first
tupac would be working at mc donalds if he was from the same generation as papa franku
Rap god right here
i fucking jumped when I saw that notification
He just uploaded and this shit has so many comments
This shit gets weirder and weirder everytime...
Fucking nigger faggot
Notification click game on point lmao
See no one cares about this fucktard on the Internet. I hate everyone and myself. Please leave a like for each knife I will put in my chest
cmon frank, shave your pubes
dat 60 fps
Smashed that muhfuckin notification button 😂😂😂😂
0:18 is that Pink Guy Jr.? cause holy crap
i literally just got this 1 sec ago and i clicked it extra fast, lol thats the fastest ive ever did that
FUCK ME THAT WAS FAST
the sky outside the window looks beautiful
I liked the video before it started
nyaaaaaaa
FUCK YES
Tbh I came when I saw the notification
Yaassss
Love the camera in this video looks amazing
make babies, we need more like you
oh shit oh ahit oshot shohsothhsothsithj
gg fucc nega
not first, because saying first is cancerous
That's such a college stove
I think you do need a microwave #sorrynotsorry
First!!!
papa franku at it again
the only thing i want now is to fed my mom throat with my stinky cum
good song
Glad to hear some more serious music, so good
Yu are growing nice neckbeard b0ssssssss
such a sick beat btw
<3 Anal
See no one cares about this fucktard on the Internet. I hate everyone and myself. Please leave a like for each knife I will put in my chest
Yes please serve me cancer
<3 Anal
Saw that notification and swiped real quick
Damnn fire
FIRST
kkkkkkkkkkk
The last time I came this early I made an overused joke, which is an overused joke already considering the amount of people that say that shit already like it's supposed to be funny that they're aware that the joke is overused, but try to use that awareness as a joke which is overused.
i c notification frum da cancer b0ss i pres on it den i lyke
1st :)
Fire 👌😩
I regret watching this buuuut I mean my hand is so close to the replay button might as well
Thank you daddy
Sick mixtape still better then ksi
FUCK IVE NEVER CLICKED SOMETHING SO FUCKIN HARDD
damm weeb
no
ok
Ayy
LIL B DROPPED THUGGED OUT PISSED OFF!!!! TYBG!!!!!!!! LIL B WOW SO RARE!!
Notice me Papa Franku
ily papa Franku :3
I like the glasses. It helps hide your depression! (Keep it up)
yes
i'm in love with you and your music.
:^)
Papa Franku
Hello b0ss
God this was so dope.
I'm so rock hard!
You are a literal genius papa franku
Still waiting on for the slap full
こんにちはフランク！
Notification ganggggg
I love you frank
IVE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY BY A NOTIFICATION
niggers
Ayyy
Papa franku thank you for this gift of god
I have crippling autism.
that beat was lit
Notice me Papa Franku
Awesome, Pink Guy's raps are forever awesome!
Ninja skills reactions are real when I clicked that notification
reported for repulsive content
G A Y   R E T A R D
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
body is ready
NOT FIRST
I just went to check if he has uploaded, and he uploaded this 4 minutes ago
fist me dady
YES.
Happy new year
<----
Nice video
Notice me senpai
SHEEEIT PINK GUY YOU GON DROP ANOTHER MIXTAPE M888 YOU STRAIGHT FIRE BRO YOU FUCKING KILLED IT YOU DA OG SHIIT
Fucking cancer never felt so good
my dog likes this song.
Clicced Dat notification button real quick
ayy lmao
this is amazing
Pink Guy is the GOAT
Ay lmao
no one cares m8, pranks or gtfo
papa franku
Yes yes nyes!
WHAT IS THIS????
Heyyy, that sounds pretty good.
I was about to hang myself but then I found out there was a new video, guess I'll wait
BACK 2 BIZNIZ
Oh
Best rap ever. 10/10
Hey that's pretty good
pls just kill me
I hope this is it. I hope this is the one that makes me end my fucking worthless existence once and for all.
small loan of a million faggots
I clicked so fucking quick I hurt my finger!!
Was waiting so long for this.
NOICE
my mom walked in and said wtf! this is beautiful
I hauled ass when i fucking got the notification
But how?
BLEEP BLAP
!
these beats kills whales m9
ey b0ss
hi
My day is better when I hear you sing
This is my new go-to video to jerk it to
allahu akbar
b0ss
can i use this in my cod edit
hue br?
fucking hell, george.
yeet
Happy new year, faggots
BRUH PLEASE POST MORE
Noice
finally
Lit af
fuck
b0ss can sing 😍
oh daddy
Love u.
Thank you papa.
so moist
FILTHY FRANK I'AM A WEEABOO
Heyyyy, that's pretty good
Fucj
100% fire
i love you dad
1426
Oh boi 👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
Boner
FUCK ING FRANKY
hottest mixtape to ever exist on planet earth
I came early, and watched franks video
🙌🙌🙌🙌
18/10 Ign Never play again
Better than mainstream rap
CEN I HAV PUSSY
First! Motherfuckers!!
papa franku make a pusi onigiri pls pls
damn meme!
noise
he's so fucking good and hot....
Fucking nigger faggot gay retard.
Wait shit wrong channel sorry franku :)))
FAM
nice video hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha anyone want to end my worthless life?
Ketsu wo taberu
2,124 th
wait why does frank and pink guy have the same facial hair
this is the quickest I've ever been here
holy shit
GG
Finally, a reliable source for getting succ
NEW MUSIC YYESSSSSS
Smell like a weaboo spirit.
Frank cobain.
yes new rap
shave those pubes off yer face, faggot.
damn i clicked this so fast
WHOOOOOOOOOOOO
it is my honour to be one of the first 10,000 filthy fucks
hell yeah
hello
This is very good ass
Kiss me Franku!
first
I'm worried
1sr
eyyy
love filthy like this
my friends at school started calling me Filthy Frank in your honor
b0ss plz gibe de onigiri pussi
I fucked a dog in the ass yesterday
i love youu
my phone magically teleported me here like wtf I don't even have your notifications on yet here I am
yes papa feed me
filthy pimp
first
love these raps. better than most rappers these days
B0ss
MMN YASS B0SS
HARD
FUK U FRANKU
U GAE
This is nice.
ayy
NIGGERS
Best one fam
gay retard :)
kms
I'm trying fuck before I die of cancer, you down frank?
Dank.
NOTICE ME
ayy lmao
ye
Gotta love insta dislikes.
Waiting for Jev to upload Until Dawn...
Trap dumpling👌
Love you fam
I've never clicked on a notification this hard before
Rengoku
yes
this shit fire daddy
And a good day gets better
I needed this today
Fooken nigger faggits
And a good day gets better
ITS TIME TO STOP
jk glad to see pink guy (pink omega?) again
Sometimes at night i cover myself in vasaline and pretend I'm a worm
Merry christmas, yes i am retard
1-20th!!!
so fast so good
wank me franky
first hundred.
noice.
YES BITCH!!!!!!
Moon man moon man cant you see? Niggers and spics should hang from trees
Just when I thought I was finished my chemotherapy
give the pusi
Mmmmm
30
firs... oh shit. nvm. fuck all of you
pink guy
"LOL THIS IS SO GOOD" Video is 3 minutes uploaded 40 secs ago
FUCK YOU
Omg
Plz fist me daddy
YASSSS b0ss
M8
lol
Nyes new vid
lmao
penoses
FIRSTTTTTTT
Early!!!!!
sexy
Onigiris are triangle
Triangle = illuminati
Papa Franku is the illuminati
Do you see the connection here
FRANKU FINALLY! IVE BEEN HAVING WITHDRAWLS
reported
Inb41kviews
Clicked on that notification so fucking quick
hi
I'm first you cisgender pigs.
AH SHIT NIGGA
first
18
what are you fucking gay
Sick shit bro
lol
slap on the butt chinchin
Kawaii
Dad
Help, I'm dying of first
EAT ME ASS PAPA
you are my Viagra
Good stuff, love the content, keep it up friend.

Love you Frank
watreufukingay
Kill yourself
I'm here
happy new year papa
penis
why are you so gay
Under 301 club
I want to fuck pink guy so much
oh
Is this how I can acquire da pusi b0sS?
I'm new to Utube and so far I regret making an. Account
LOL THIS IS SO GOOD :D
sup bitchez
I was born a woman.
FUCK
HI
Thats right faggots
Woo!
ayyy
Lol
Oh yeah mr krabs
first
